You know what I do is write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress up as a farmer or a leather clothes, and never no one has chosen an farmers.
I'm here to talk to you today about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epidemic generally is something that fell out somewhere.
You just have to turn the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Boltzon.
It's the kind of complicated circle I'm going to tell you.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Stephen, Ohio where I was the weird of class.
And they were beaten up to save every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved me alive.
She saved my life in letting me go into the teacher of the teacher room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fight AIDS.
About three or four years ago, half of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, the German Pound who said, "I need to see you.
I'm disappointed that adults never come to meet us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man that I know you've already found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to stand with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Claude.
We went to see, we laughed, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospitalized.
We found a place, we interviewed it, and we took care of it, and we looked at her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know me as an adult came to me, he became a centimeters and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed up, had become a circle -- and that epidemic that I told you was made in itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her of her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
I need truth and beauty, and I'm very happy to talk about this today.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important to me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and there I saw my first sheets.
I was amazed.
My heart rate quickly, I was dead, trying to understand what was behind me.
The stones around me are coming out of the water almost 60 feet -- and I couldn't even more than think that it was a snow of snow on another couple of years after year.
The songs are born when they wake up from glaciers or break the ice barriers.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some people refuse to reduce and stay up to the end, whereas others cannot be able to put it more and deliver in a dramatic passion arm.
It's easy to think, when you see a theater, that are separated by separated and alone, largely as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a tablet is streamed, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a teacher is delivered water fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I just photograph these taxes as if it would be the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are that way and won't exist that way again.
It's not the death when they melt -- it's not a end, but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the taxis that photograph is very young. It has a couple thousand years old.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a shoe that I photographed in Kepler, Greenland Grown.
It's a little bit prevalent to actually get a reduction of the routed song.
Here they are.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the form of the iceberg and your fluid line.
You can see here, it starts to rolled, the ship has moved to the other side and the man is standing there.
This is a Gramma spinal -- the average size.
It comes out of the water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so you know, the iceberg shows a different side of your personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of a baby considering. Okay.
So, two couples each one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about consciousness itself, you're not going to pay attention to me.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X-ray chromosome goes into the X chromosome of the egg.
They both present and start life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
In my own activity to make two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the history of the analytic.
I'm a hydrogen story and what I study in this case is the way people admit the anatomy --  to say, of human bodies and animals, how they have considered body fluid, the idea of the body -- what have thought about the body.
The other role that performance in my work is an activist, as a patient defense, or, as I say sometimes, impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working on, for example, with similar twins, two people within a same body.
I've worked with people with standards, much lower than the average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases with an attack sex, individuals whose physical typeface did not fit in male schools and conventional females.
In general lines, we can call it anti-neuroscience.
The interpretation fits a lot of forms.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fall in the form of male or female forms.
For example, it's the case of the individual with the FBI charity whose CEO of the chromosome and tells the prototypes, that we all have in the fatal life, that become teachers.
And then, in the middle life, the testicles produce teachers.
But since this individual lacks of textbooks -- the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of insignificant insignificance.
So, there are high testosterone levels but without reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops following a slightly female course.
When the baby is born, the baby.
He's a girl. He's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the bees, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
And after doing the tests you realize that instead of having ovarian and terrorist, it actually has testicles and a chromosome and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's not really like this.
Women, like men, have in the body something called supportive globals.
They're at the bottom of the body.
Supermarket glands produce animals, the hormone of marriage.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- I don't know your chemical structure -- I believe being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to animals.
We produce animals and respond to animals.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the analogy than the woman who was born with testicles that have the syndrome of insignificant insignificance.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the interactions are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as they would go -- I had a girlfriend, and sexual relations with her, I carried a life like a boy and just discovered that I had ovarian and terrorist.
It had an extreme way of a disease known as a regular supporting hypercomplete.
It had 20th chromosomes and the suburbar glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genetics were massively, their brain was exposed to the horizontally male component of the male composite.
I was born with a kid -- no one was suspected.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started to have medical problems caused by internal message, when the doctors discovered that, in fact, women were in the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of interstatic.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what is known as optimistics, and they have a hole of the top of technical tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So there are lots of sex.
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies -- whether they're seat, similar twins, or interactions, they set up normal surgery to be able to strike a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason they get to a number of surgeries is that they are a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being woman is to have female identity -- supposedly being black means having African anatomy in historic terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you give us a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catastrophic.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture to the individual.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept of the individual.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born as two people within a same body.
The recent case is from the past year with the South African correct County Serm, he stood up in the trial of trial her sex in the Berlin International Games.
Many journalists called to ask me, "What are you going to do to determine if Caster Semisa is man or woman?
And I had to explain to journalists that there is no such exam.
In fact, now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't take a straight line between men and women or between men and interests and women and women and women and women are us who trace that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more the science advances, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable analytical categories that spread directly with stable identification categories -- they're much more difficult than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that is much more complicated than the terrorism allows the termite.
As we see, we get into a scanner terrain.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
How do we forget about the fact that we can tell from them in just a few nuclear?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable zone where we have to recognize that the simple categories that we are likely to do is probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the bodies of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the feet.
There are very already alcohol discussions today -- maybe not in audience, but it does not in the audience, but in the way somebody considers dead.
Our ancestors never had to go to this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of people put a pen in front of the nose, and if he moved they didn't get it yet.
If I stopped moving the way around.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a consequence, we have to face the dilemma to really determine someone's death, and this puts us into a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could make someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, depending on people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it puts me nervous.
Consider that these categories are much more unstable.
Talk about the point of view of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first I have to admit that I'm a meaning for the Fatering Fatering.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexually, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and auditional and so radical in what they did, that I find every so much watching that musical current and not for music, which is totally passionate.
That's why it happened in 1777 with the Fatering Parents.
The Fourth Forces were, for me, the first analysis activists and I explain to you why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everyone remembers what our Forests did was the idea of the monarchy -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the analogy.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they were clear to the idea of birth right now.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to the political power on the right of blood transmitted from the grandfather, and then the son, etc.
The Fourth Forces rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They left the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the ament in common and not the analytical differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And they were doing it because they were part of a fun system where two things were standing.
The democracy was being deployed and at the same time the science was born.
And it stays very clear, if we look at the history of the Fatering parents, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were distance from the supernatural explanations, and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by a very vague idea of birth.
They were moving into a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of Industrial, talk about nature and the God of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were transmitted the idea of the anatomical coincidence.
And by doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women succeeded.
Then he came to the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the Support Tropy of the Supreme Tropy who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men in the lines of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color that appealed to the anatomical coincidence of the anatomy, and again, they run.
We see the same with the Discovery movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the conditions, we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain devices.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean we had to give ourselves to the analytic.
I don't mean that the five year-old children were supposed to be allowed to have sexual relationships or take care of it.
There are some anatomic devices that make sense and that I think we should hold on.
But the challenge is trying to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two things that are the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of them in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before the time -- June 1, 1980.
Henry, in the contrary, was born in terms of the one in March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that I had been born three months before Mary is attributed to all the rights three months before Henry the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other areas in relationship to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered a man -- if it's not told if it's 21,000 -- in virtue of being considered man now is possible for the mandatory streaming that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary -- for its part, it doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still persistent anatomical categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science goes so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democratic democracy could demonstrate?
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is scanned.
Where are we going?
It seems like what happens in our culture is kind of a pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere -- so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position.
So for example: Texas at a certain moment has decided that to marry a man don't have to have a chromosome and that to marry a woman have to have chemical and charge.
Now, in practice they don't do climate tests.
But this is also very strange given the story that told you at the beginning of the syndrome of the synthetic sensitivity syndrome to the animals.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King in his speech, "I have drawn to Drah, offers a solution.
It says that we should judge people based on the color of their skin, but in the content of their career, going beyond the analogy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea looks very good."
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their career?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to give people rights to people, because I have to admit that I know from some golden golden that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of the workers that I know can make more informed decisions and smart and mature choices about their sexual relations than people in 40 I know.
So how do you put the subject of the character of correct?
It turns out very difficult.
And a part of me wonder what happened if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic MRI.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to drive this control of thinking to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian man in which a man feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be associated, unless it's willing to join a sex change in which case it allows you to live.
We're not in that situation.
I am glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon with which I talked about a couple years ago that had made a little twin twin light for then to separate them and so on and so on.
But when the phone asked him the motivation of the operation, I was a very risky operation, he told me that in that other country, these kids would be very badly, and I had to do it.
I said, "Well, has the political asylum instead of surgical separation?
America offers huge chances to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the sake of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to conclude, I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given greater involvement to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist for a feminist -- and it is that I think there may be different ideas of different anatomical types, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years since I've been interested in the interface, I've also been interested in researching the sexual difference.
And one of the things I've been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world.
And what we know about cultural studies is that women in average -- not all, but in average -- they tend to pay more attention to complex social relations and care about those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in graduate school, one of my seats I knew I was interested in the feminist -- I was considered feminist -- as I now did a strange plant."
Tell me what the female is from feedback."
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
The feminism has to do with detecting the series of gender, so there's nothing female in the female."
But the more I've thought about his question, the more I think there's something female in the female.
I mean, there might be something -- on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more aware of complex social relations and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very affected to find the way people protect people in the part of the state, it is possible that of having invented more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the record support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the analytical, thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect one, let's think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007 I decided we had to remember how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where it wants to go and work, have the possibility of choosing between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, at this point, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't have a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily give it to the world, perhaps, hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if they've never thought about new cities.
But simply replacing them by apartment buildings.
Imagine half of those who wanted to live in apartments were already properties and that the other half would still fail to do it.
They could try to increase the ability by making ambities in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem you face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the molecules and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those experiments.
But they could go to a whole new place, build a whole new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place are going to make the construction instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new enough areas of reform big enough to contain cities and give them a name, cities under status.
Later, I learned that more or less at the same time, Java and eighth were thinking about the challenge of the Honors reform.
They knew that every year about 75,000 her hunting her country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honors.
In the summer of 2009, Honduras.
In the next regular election, Pete Louise is sort of deployed with a platform in which I promise reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked October to be his head of garbage.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a lot of tests with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the state of their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of rules, like those rules that say you cannot go and move all the current approaches of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes a lot of technologies as a normal to progress and usually are the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala, sent him a link with TEDx.
I showed him to Java.
They called me.
They said, "We show this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a conference room of a hotel.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the ground in a place like New York City, Seeded -- land that in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Paper, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a very simple city is a place where it starts with the taken terrain, a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option for people to be able to go or not want to go under those rules.
So the president of Hunting called me and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this might be the path for our country to move forward.
He asked me to go to Telescope and talk about the four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included a picture like this, which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denement and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denetic.
This airport only covers over 100 square kilometers.
So I was trying to convince the hurts that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measures at least 1,000 square kilometers.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody was applying correctly.
The faces of the audience were very serious and attention.
The college leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TED talk.
I have this in my computer."
So I felt and showed the TED.
And this explains the essential -- that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option from a city that you could go in Honors, rather than hundreds of miles away from the north.
And it also includes new choices for leaders.
Because the Hours government leaders need help from the associated countries, they could benefit from the countries that would help them establish and make the rules of the status -- so everyone could trust that the state effectively becomes completed.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily go through a thousand square kilometers.
And shortly after that, January 19, voted in Congress to teach their Constitution and add a constitutional device that would allow to create these special regions of development.
In a country that just moved through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress for this constitutional emergency was 124 to one.
All the parties, all the factors in society, the representation.
To get into the constitution, you have to go through twice in Congress.
And February 17 was passed again in another vote, from 142 to one.
Immediately after the vote, the 21 to the 24th of February, a deliberation of 30 herds went to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in city construction.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that is building in South Korea, is bigger than the Boston Center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after you spent four years by getting the permanents.
The other country in the city building is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in a practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come in, and at a time it would allow you to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow her Supreme Court to be the last instance for this new judicial system.
There are urban urban urbanizations that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know that they've already solved is that they have a good number of resources.
There are a lot of companies who want to install in America, especially in a place with a free trade zone zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to immediately change elsewhere.
There's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go and get a job. Sometimes they are single mothers that have to win money for just eating or buying clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes there are even children who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen in some cases, in a decade.
So what seems to think about building a new city in Houstonesians?
Or build a dozen dozen of these, or a heart of these all over the world?
What does it look like to be inspired for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new resistance?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my hurricane friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesse and this is my value.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public conflict, and it is that I live obsessed with the tracks.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish on my blog brand around, colorful and different for every time.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of thumb markets and second hands.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my guide in the environment and in my billion.
I come to know interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique. And buying it into my search personal search for teachers.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it my strains?
I want the color?
will it cost less than 20 dollars?
If all answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
I go back to the subject of my value, I want to tell you what I got for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what does someone have all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I stream.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
Interface in exactly a week is everything I've put in my valve.
I imagined that it would be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after getting here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks through TED in the inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you the set for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
While I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons that I think or not, and I have learned in this adventure.
Let's start with the Sunday.
This is what I call brilliant television.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You can almost always see for less than 50 dollars.
The whole thing, including the cap, was costing me 15, and it's the most expensive thing I've ever used in the week.
Londs, color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be in a bad mood, when you're wearing a brilliant red panel.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is surrounded.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
Just yourself.
If you surrounded yourself from the right people, you're not just going to understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Miraces, Guinea of the kid that you carry inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the discriminations, or I remind you their little seven years.
I like to go and say, "Thank you."
Judge. The trust is key.
If you think you look good with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years I really understood her meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, there is no look like you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Venezuela, a universal truth six words for you: the golden reductions go with everything.
And finally, Saturn. Developing a single personal style is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I tried it over and over again when people came to me this week simply because of what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously this is not going to go into my little saving.
So before I go home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave some things.
I don't need to thank you emotionally about these things, because on the back of the corner, there will always be another crazy track, colorful and brilliant expanding, if there's a little love in my heart and for me.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the application of each hemisphere we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely light.
This would be someone who is completely intuitive.
So where would you put your brain on this scale?
Some of these would be on one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the integration of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a big attitude in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're even exciting.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, who just most of the other physical physical physicists, we need pretty logical to control these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty much intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We put them to play with them, and then we see how they react and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
And some intuition that you can have developed with the step of the years is the one that says that one thing can be just in a place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember looking at a kid playing in a parking bar.
He was a small kid, and he didn't do it very well, he always laughed.
But I bet the playing with that parking bar taught him a valuable lesson -- and it is that big things don't allow the participation, and they stay in a place.
This is a big conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars -- they play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really weird things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they call it quantum mechanics.
At that point it was the physics a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But not the needed to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, I never saw a particle before.
But it didn't fit well to my logical side.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then I shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical survival.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a good deal with the small metal transmission.
What we see is a little bit of metal -- with the form of paper and the support of a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I got all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this origami with the form of swimming nature that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superconductor, but it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in a elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up to stop doing those things, because I don't want them to piss them up, or, actually, associate.
Quantum mechanics say that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companies of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that comes up and the wind that goes on next and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics we would have to push all the other passengers out.
And that's what we did.
We turn out the lights and then we introduced a vacuum and we extract all the air, and then we cool it to a temperature of less than a degree of the absolute zero.
Now, when you're just in the elevator. The little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating. And the way I was wearing was like a breath like this -- like a force that spreads and contributes.
And when you give him a supermarket push, we could make it visit and it doesn't come to the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you about is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing is vibrating and doesn't you see at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all of the triggles of atoms that are telling that metal piece are the things that are true, and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain instant when those are the tankers.
In the rest of time they're disconnected.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
I was worth me in a clean room to do this for all those years -- because you see this, the difference on a scale between one atom and that metal piece is roughly the same as the difference between that metal piece and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you too?
I mean, it's my logical part of the talk.
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time, what would that be?"
How would you act your consciousness if your body was described in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we put the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw the metal stayed there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all objects in the elevator actually are quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound than that.
It is that those connections, your connections to all things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep root of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amy.
And 18 months ago, I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that is here and allowed me to take it right.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories about why we did it.
I think my own story is explained simply in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I stream of a great education -- I don't care, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museum, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, trying to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than it shows the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we have taken from their launch.
So we just go to Politics.
Look around all the museums that there are.
There's the Oxford gallery, the MoMA, the Erick, the Rusticaton, the Van Google.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorites to the Metropolitan, the New York Art Museum.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and the bread, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where you are, Mombai or Microsoft, that doesn't really matter.
You move over there and they divide.
Do you want to navigate for the museum?
We opened up the plane up, and with a single click, we jumped in.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
Keep going.
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings now, "The Prospect of Pitt British at the Metropolitan Metro.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the picture, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here is all the metal information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click up here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call glacial technology.
So this picture, for example, contains about 10,000 prisoners.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 pigs?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 prisoners.
It can run around a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this kid, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to depressed.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting."
I walked in, and I found that children were actually playing something.
I investigate a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "some "Southern, which is to hit an ear with a pain on the March of Carnegie.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper and see that you can really even get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to go away the picture, so you'll actually see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best is for coming, a second.
So now we're quickly going to jump up again at MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorite, "The night starting night."
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the painting?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this massage work?
I augmented it and really it achieves it.
I go to one of my favorite parts on this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the night starting -- I think I'd never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are a lot more things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "College?
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a management, that gives you the same.
You can online your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, -- I've created this function that I call "the power of the boat, -- we just made an apple around.
It's about "The Americans in the National Gallery of London.
You can tie things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what these masterpieces feel like when you look at these masterpieces of teachers.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things don't really come from Google.
No, in my view, even they don't come from the museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium, it makes justice to your art work, and it's represented online online.
And the big question you ask me today is, you did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a prison, a flying prison.
In our lab, we call it sensory design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm in Italian origin, all the children in Italy grow this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that it has happened very interesting in the French Fire racing in the last two decades.
And so a few times ago, if you wanted to win a Free One, I took a budget and put it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what in engineering is called a real time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and an action.
The interesting thing is that control systems in real time are beginning to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics in the last few years.
They're becoming computers in the air.
And as such, they're beginning to respond differently, and they can be detected and active.
The cities is a big thing.
As I noticed that the cities are only two percent of the world's cortex but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be big.
Beyond cities, all of these detectors and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from a Palestine Anthrope exhibition for late year at MoMA, during summer.
It's called "Talk To Me."
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk.
In a way, it's like almost all of the existing atoms became sensors and activists.
And that's completely changing the interaction that we humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Michael Angele.
You know, when Michelangelo Angeles sculpted the Moses, he says that at the end he took the hammer, and he threw it into the Moses -- and you can still see a little mesh under it, and he said, "Performate not paralyzed?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples: inspired in the idea of capturing the environment and catching something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four years ago in Italy.
It was a summer in the last 2006.
It was the year in which Italy won the World Cup in the world.
Maybe some of them remember it, played Italy, and France, and at the end Zerin gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity happening in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Colony in the middle and the Terrain River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
For the early afternoon, there are people over here and there by making calls moving.
It starts the particle. silence.
France. Gold de Italy.
The people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of the regulation time.
First time. Second.
Zealand, and at a moment, the head.
Gandhi Italy, yeah.
That night everyone went to celebrate the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day everyone went into the center to the meeting of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called City Massetters where, from the time tomorrow, people are going to celebrate. It's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection, not about people, but things we use and consume us.
Today we know everything about the production of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they start insulin.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project we developed a few small tags to track the trash in their spread through the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little over a year ago, to label what they were raising -- different kind of things, as you can see, things that all of them would transport.
We then put a little chip on them, a tag tag to the trash and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
Participate from Seattle.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there are many initiatives in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist.
They are happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing that we believe is that if you look at every day that the cup that we run doesn't disappear -- that still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we run one day still stays there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavioral shift.
That was the reason in the project.
My colleague at MIT, Asael Biboxic, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago, in Zaptar.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe has a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT in a workshop -- it was, imagine that they have a fall and valves, solar flows, lanes that open up and shut down.
It's believed like a water curtain with water prisoners.
If you fall out the printers, you can write on them, show patterns, images, text.
And when we zoom in, the curtain will open so that we can go by, as you see in the picture.
We presented this to Mayor Bell.
And he liked a lot.
And I gave a commitment to design the building to the entrance of the Expert.
We call it Digital Water Pandemit.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows but when you look at the open for you to go through.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the salvance, it goes down the ceiling.
Or you can close the building and all architecture disappears, like in this case.
That day there will always be somebody in the winter, when they go down the ceiling, someone who was there and he said, "We decline the building."
No, it's not that you have demonstrated, but when you go down almost all architecture disappears.
Here is in work.
You see people who are intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am trying to keep testing the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened a night when all sensors stopped working.
That night was really even more fun.
All of the children in Zaro came to the building, because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was opening to let me go by, but a building I kept making cuts and holes of water and you had to jump to not go down.
(Telescope noises) And for us that was really interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people give to our designs.
But then the reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical printers, the prisoners of water, and the projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those signs could start flying.
Imagine that they could have little helicopter in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter like the one that we saw before -- that moves with other in sync in synthetic.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the printers.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could be a 3D prison cloud that you can zoom in, and walk in, and see from very different angle.
This is the true controlled Florida, going down to form a V, like earlier.
When the light goes on, it looks like this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We have been working with Robert Bolly -- one of the best ballet dancers today, the Metro of New York and the Miller of Million, to capture their 3D movements and use them as an entry for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the prisoners, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D dignity in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can go all the way.
And once we have the printers we can play with them, with the color and the movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- even like a cloud of cloud -- like a great crime, but with a cloud.
Imagine we could make everyone run a little bit for a print.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last couple of years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything like knowledge, and it's accessible across the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us it -- we can move from the digital world, the self-replicating power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to tackle the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do you move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engaged to do this together, in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of printers in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are pressures.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered with prisoners.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from below, to serve to share the main moments of the 1930s Olympic Games and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up, like a new top of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital fruit at night, but most importantly, it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they would like to be in better way, being stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and safety of themselves?
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you most like?
What would you like if you could choose something?
(Music of the Audience: creativity.
How many people would choose creativity?
Hands up. Let me see.
So a few of it was probably due to the amount of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many people would choose the memory?
Some more.
How about the physical state.
A little less.
How about longitive?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very good as a doctor.
If you could have something about this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a topic here at the TED Conference but today I want to give you the gaze of a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, T. Dranas, who was also involved in the Rustication Organization Russia, wrote a trial called "No biology makes sense except to the light of Evolution?
But if they effectively accept biological evolution -- consider this: Is it just the past, or the future?
Does it mean to each other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well on an end, it is, of course, the one that is interested.
We derived from a common ancestor with modern chimps about six or eight million years ago.
In the internal internal there have been maybe 20 or 25 different species of humans.
Some have gone and back.
We have been here about 130 years.
It might seem like we are very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, most of the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically universal, that it comes out of the paths.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all carry on the interstactic gut that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Damis asks them about the backyard, they think of bacteria.
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, head, is very cheap.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want to want your part of it.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional interaction of some force to the output.
But for that, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients.
But what would the future species?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or destined to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as one and only company and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the trained part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I went into college I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in online organisms, every single cell energy is divided and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to the two gay cells.
But when multicellular organisms disappear, things start to change.
He enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of death of death comes into evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student, I was thinking, well, sex, sexual death, it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, every time I had more doubts.
I came to understand George Burmais, who still acted in the right Vegas in his 90 years.
And one night someone hits his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him is a magnificent dance of clothes.
He looks at him and he says, "I've got a sex supermarket."
"It's okay? Get George says, "I choose the soup."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily controlling, just different.
He was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
He wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and surfing generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like refrigerator rockets designed to send genetic burden to the next orbiting level, and then let us fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expressed when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily force longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the greatest or the strongest or the faster and the most intelligent one.
Evolution favors the creatures best adapted to their environment.
That's the only trial of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean the temperature bacteria that can survive the heat of the flowers that would produce -- if there were fish in there, fish copied to the vacuum, yet they've managed to make that an academic environment.
So, what this means is, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase, I would say that there are a lot of possibilities.
The first one is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we have known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been disconnected and pleased from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've confident our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to him.
And by the way, we migrate, we cultivate, and we get so struck that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution.
A second possibility is that the traditional kind of evolution is produced by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be that the engineers of evolution are going down, but they're inexpensive.
And in terms of instruction, when as a species we colonize distant planets are going to exist and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive possibility and intriguing and frightening.
The neuron called neuroscientist, the new evolution, which is not simply natural, but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will make.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First of all, consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more varieties than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's chosen to individual and family levels.
Think about that if you could be able to be able to choose not only the sex of your description, but in your own body to make the genetic airplanes to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce cancer risk or eliminate the support?
Don't you want to make those changes in your genes.
If you look at the future, that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and sued 13 years old.
It cost two billion dollars.
The next year of ended, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a cost close to the 20,000 and a week.
We won't have a lot to make the human genome for 1,000 and to be increasingly to the scope of all.
They come to those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity.
Believe it or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against the influence against crops in a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the steel."
That's reality today, and in the future it's going to be increasingly possible.
So imagine just another two little changes.
Can they change the cells of their bodies, but if they could change the cells of their description?
What if they could change the sperm and the glasses, or change the recent release and give their children a better chance of a healthier life, to remove diabetes, to remove the humanitarian risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want any more healthy children?
And then that same analytical technology, that same motor of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to adopt hyper-particular speech as well.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennifer on everything if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why don't you have a faster contract muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer.
This is going to be irredibeting.
And when we are in conditions of passing this to the next generation, and we could adopt the attributes that we wanted to turn the evolution of before in the revolution.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe it happens within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to have them.
Are we going to use these choices in positions of a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or, are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust, and more serious?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing about all, are we going to be able to develop wisdom and to inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions support?
For good or worse, and before what I might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor making click, click, click.
Click, click, click, click. Sounds scary.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 19th.
It was the only one I could talk to flight stops.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot stops the airplane with the Hudson River.
This is usually not the room.
It took the engines off.
Imagine being in a plane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most passionate words I've ever heard.
He said, "I will prepare for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more about flight station.
I could see it in his eyes.
Life was over.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and didn't, all the fence I wanted to represent, all the experiences I've wanted to have and never had.
While I was thinking about that later. I came a sentence, which is "Computer Vieweener.
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to take anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we were avoiding the George Washington Bridge -- which was not for a lot -- I thought, Wow! I really feel a big people.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes, I've tried to get better on everything I did.
But in my humanity I also give to my ego as well.
And I regret the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people that matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a measure of that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels about won.
I don't try to get right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to say, "The 15, 14, 13 13.
You see the water approach.
I'm saying, "Please fly flight."
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of the World, to die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for that all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sad started in a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my children growing.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent --  --  and I freeze, clean as a little bit.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point I understood by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For me, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I became a miracle of not dying that day.
And I became another gift that was the possibility of looking at the future and coming back and living in another way.
You guys are flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens in their airplane -- and please not -- but imagine, and how would you change?
What do you do, you would still wait because you think you're going to live forever all the time?
How would they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents that you have?
Thank you.
Clearly, I've been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDx.
TEDx was one of the most important graffiti in the '80s.
One day he came to her house after he ran and said, "Dad, I feel an ant in the legs."
And that was the beginning of ALS.
TED has a total paralysis.
You can only use your eyes.
Her work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided that we were going to kick to Tony TED, TEDx, and to his cause.
So I went and met her brother and her father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, not that I saw Stephen Hawking, not that all people with paralysis, can you communicate through those approaches?
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?
Anyone watching the film "The Fallow and the Buriquerge?
They communicate in that way. They go through the finger.
I said, "That's architectural. How can it be?
So I presented with the single desire to deliver a check, and instead I signed a check that had no idea how it was going to cover it.
I committed to her brother and his father there at that very moment, "All right, this is the thing: "There's Tony is going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to do his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who have so much inside their interior cannot communicate.
So I talked about a couple months later.
I met these guys named Greenland Laboratory, who have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface and then with a laser point, draw about that and register negative space.
So go out there doing art facilities like this.
All the things that appear -- they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
First of all, they start with sexual organs, then with bad words, then with the battle of the Baths, and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their slides.
And so the journey began.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization, and a lot of organizations to move things on one side to another one we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we touch the doors of insurance companies and we got a machine so that TEDx could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call him Lodi because when you talk to the guy you get an email of him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was we brought seven programmers from all over the world literally from all the rights on the planet.
My wife and children and I, we moved back to the back and these hackers and programmers and consumers and constructions took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid, and that when we went back, they would have taken off the walls of walls and their place would have graduated.
But for two weeks, we program, we went to the Serve Margaret, my son was a part, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called European "Storytelling, and you can see the description.
They are a couple of cheap salamanders that we buy in the Sea Beach Margaret, some of the copper wire and Homo Department and Radio Shady.
We take a PDA camera, we open it, we put it on a light of LED and there's now a device that is free -- the building is freedom -- we published the free code, the software goes down.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital I can say "No."
Anyone with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate.
Thank you.
Thank you very much that was amazing.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDx room.
I love this picture because this is a person's room, and that's her room.
There was all this bullet and administration during the big impact.
And after more than a year of planning two weeks, two weeks of programming -- intense sessions all night, Tony came back to drawing for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life, and he's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the standard of the hospital.
And he went back to drawing for the first time in front of his family and friends, and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking room.
The funny thing was that we had to impact the parking so we felt like we were reading graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and someone finally came to rescue and get me out there so I could breathe.
Isn't it amazing?
In a way, that's our war framework.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing it.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device but it's the equivalent of a Magellan Scandard.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and really robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won many prizes.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The awards were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
Armstrong takes something about us, and then in December, the Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventors in 2010, and it was really great.
The best of all this -- and this is what ends up the circle -- is that in April of this year at the MPS in the center of Los Angeles there is going to be an exhibition called "Art in the Streets."
And Art in the Streets, it's going to have the best explorers of urban art, Bahannia Shakespeare, CA: That's all going to be there.
TED is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So that's basically my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
None of what's in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Schulancial -- nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible, anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology, I just acknowledged something and teamed to me with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us every day when we find something that we feel like you have to do. If it's not now, when -- and if I'm not me, who?"
Thank you guys.
I have spent the last few years coming in in generally very difficult situations and at the same time a bit dangerous.
I went to jail.
I worked in a coal mine.
He failed in areas of war -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at first, something hard in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, most of my career I've been immersed in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to try to look at social questions in ways that are actively, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that you see entertainment and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew I would come up here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the patterning I wanted to do something a little differently.
So some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple weeks ago a couple of weeks ago, a bird in Ebrew.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered in selling the rights of the name of my 2011.
What was the following: "The States NBCA presented -- my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is and the content could be explained in the face -- especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company by doing it.
But I said, this is a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a progress, by the way.
So even with that saving I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I wouldn't have been able to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film I am working on, we looked at the world of marketing, the advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing would prepare me -- nothing could anticipate me, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Spiderman: I want to make a film that deals with the collection of products, the marketing and the advertising, and that the whole film is funded with a collection of products and marketing.
The film is going to be called "The largest movie ever selling."
What happens in "The largest movie ever sold is that all of the top up to the bottom, in beginning to end, it has marks of brand, all the time -- from the authority that appears before the title, the X-ray brand.
Now this brand, Lucational Stanford, the States Center.
These people will be associated to the film to the periodical film.
And so the film explores all this idea. (Music Karsches? (Music Karsches? Is what? (MB: It's reduction.
I'm a reduction -- (MR: I just say it. It was more for nationalism.
It was "Performance. forever."
But we're not just going to have the pathogen of the X brand in the title but we're going to make sure we adapt all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and become the most cool shoe you've ever used.
The most cool car that you have driven in "The largest movie ever sold -- the best suit you have bored, the best trial you ever sold from "The greatest movie.
David Kiloca," the idea is then besides showing you the marks as part of life, making them funding the film? (MA: Make it funding the film. MS: And we actually show the full process of how it works.
The goal of the full film is transparency.
You'll see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film, from beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO help make it happen.
Robert Friedman? You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- is the most respect for the audience.
Guy? However, I don't know how it is going to be people to that.
JF: You have a perspective. I don't know if it's very negative. But you know how it's going to represent?   (Music Chinese." How much money do you need to do this?
MS: A million and a half -- (CA: All right! John Kamen, I think it's going to be hard with them, but it's certainly going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
JK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out of us, we see a lot of slightly smallpox indifferences.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Red" -- most of the answers will be not."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, because of the film or for me?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... means you're not very optimistic.
So, do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: Very good. (MA: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what brands.
MS: Yes.
MK: We have some places where to go. (MA: Okay. Stop the camera.
MS: I thought I stopped the camera -- meant we have a conversation out of microbes.
Turn out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your movie."
MS: And so, one for one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought that the concept of advertising, it was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to get as many people to see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the spiritual media scenario -- isn't the idea to tell you with that new digital vehicle that is going to bring the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a garage error, and that error was this.
Actually, there was no such error.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been right.
But the problem was what it represents this picture.
You see, when you look for images of transparency at Google --   -- this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your stream -- Sergey Britain. No.
This was the problem: transparency, free of simulation or email, easily detected or seen -- easily understandable, that is characterized by vision or information access, especially in business practices -- being the last line maybe the largest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president of the name, even the CEOs name it.
But all of a sudden when it's trying to make it really change something changes.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that still keeps running.
It's unpredictable.   Like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risk?
Take a whole bowl of Cole Walking.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling you that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
You see, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there's him looking at me as I used to do it, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me, and that's just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kiribati of many years -- I realized I would have to go on my own, I would have to take the developer and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to advertise suddenly -- what I started to realize is that when you start to talk to companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge, giant films and others who make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies, giant giants say that the reason their films are so successful is because of the standards that they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant movies of Hollywood?
And the film is called "The largest movie ever selling."
How are we going to see Bank in the film?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my bottle, you'll see the determined Bang.
At any time during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you very cool for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calculate.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there I would offer one of these fabulous sheets.
So much "Funny Florida, like "The Parks "Cameras, are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man like a woman, solid, blue to ball, as it is.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a pre-making look.
Karen Frank" -- we are a small framework.
So similar to the kind of smaller films that you told -- we're rather a rival mark.
So we don't have the budget that has other marks.
So doing things like this, you know, remind people Bang is the reason why this is interested.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bank?
Bank is in white.
KB: That's a big question.
Woman: The top technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put on the prison.
Man: We talked about something audience, free.
I think free is a big word that really puts this category in positive versus combat the smell and the subject."
It keeps you fresh.
How do we keep getting more fresh longer? With better fresh, more frequent, three times the fresh time.
Things like those things like the benefits.
MS: And that's a multiplicity company.
What about me? What about a common?
I need to talk to the man of the street, to the people like me, to the ordinary Petes.
They have to talk to me about my brand.
MS: How do you define your marker?
Man: Mom my marker?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: Revelating the 1980s, a pain painful unless it's a lawyer day.
MS: Okay, what's the German brand?
German, something unique. MS: Nor Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark sheer."
I like dark colors, many gray grass and things like this.
Usually I carry things like sunglasses, or I like crisis and similarities.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conventional construction? Beethon Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand I'm calling it called the case.
Woman 2: In part of hypercomplimation, in part of the touch, in part of Bicyal Girl -- I don't know.
Man 3: I am the kind of maps.
I sold toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get the market.
Man 5: Man wrong arrested marker.
Is that something?
Avenue, I'm a lawyer.
Tom Tom. I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be marker Tom but often classified me in the intersection of dark dumance and case fly.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the marker "preservation."
And I found a company called Olympics Zau in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like New News, Ferrew, Harvard to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Audience: Bring the photos, right?
MS: Yes. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings like to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me of that world.
MS: That world?" I think your world is the world in which you live, like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All those things are organized and they start in a place, and in my case, and they start in my family in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is this was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I'd like to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about why to do that?
What's the male." What phase do you find now?
Why is it important to rediscover? What does the red represent?
Tell me a little bit about that.
That is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you had?
You don't have to have fear. What kind of rural mountain you are?
MS: Alex."
A: Thank you for your patience -- MS: Big job. A: Yes. (MA: Thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Linux Zakashi. The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but computers, in your brand personality. Margaret Mortan March is a collective brand.
They get very good together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both.
Many companies tend -- and it is human nature, to avoid things that are not safe -- avoid the fear, those elements, and you actually give them heavy and make them positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is classic -- Apple.
And you can see here to Takan, Wikipedia, Mini of Ministry Cooper and Jeliconate.
There are now playful marks and conscious markers, those things that have gone and come but a celebration brand is quite powerful.
MS: A conditional brand -- which is your market?
If someone asks you to describe your identity of brand, your brand personality would be?"
Are you an acceleration attraction? Are you someone who makes blood flow.
Or are you more good at a description attack?
A little bit more called, reserved, conservative?
And the acceleration attributes are like being playful to be fresh like El Prices, contemporary adventure, adventured or bold like Error Florida, fast or gravity, teacher, dominant, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you more accurate of description attractive?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 1975.
Are you studied, traditional, provider, protocol, do you relate to OpenL: Operationist.
Are you confident, stable, family, confident, safe, controlled or kidnapping, like the Dalai Lama or Lod!
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, and apartments and descriptions, who said, "No, they didn't want to form part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this movie, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neuron, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how the magnetic resonance is now using magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain as well for commercial marketing as for film.
We went to San Paulo.
All over the city for the last five years, there are no sleeps, there are no rockets, no flying, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing in schools with liquid problems in America.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects that I've had the biggest answer or the ones I've been more successful in which I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They took the developers, they took their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people think about, is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how did you go to them? Were they succeeding?
Well, since the movie is structured in the Swashing Festival, let's take a look.
According to Bureaksheuds the movie are stressed in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 90 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covered only one period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online, or press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
He's still not online. He's not in standard.
It hasn't even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum, in the last time.
And it's not bad because almost all of the agencies that we talked about to their customers will not be part of them.
I've always believed that if you get risk, if you take risks, that in those risks are opportunities.
I think when you go to people that are pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the adviser to the risk you're preparing your entire company to get your reward.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to be not afraid of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, to go forward, I think we have to give it place to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We open the fear. We open the risk.
From a little bit at a time, we have to embrace the risk.
And ultimately, we have to support transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to take a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "Army the Transparency, has been presented by my good EMED friends who by 67,000 bought the rights of the name in Ebrew.
EM: Conveying big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
EMEGA shows Are Armed Transparency."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morane, in name of transparency, which happened exactly with those 775,000?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a check from the Mathematica organization of TED, the Samari Foundation, a check for 7,700 to be applied to my TED attention of the next year.
The idea behind the Starline computer was actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the U.S. extract plant in National National South.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we get to compromise these systems that control speeds and flows, we can cause a lot of problems with the central.
Green boxes don't use Southern Windows, they are a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus from Windows in a portable computer using an engineer to make this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind State.
We started with a Windows installation.
The living in the gray box, damage details, and the nuclear program is demanding is demonstrated.
It's easy.
So I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching on Studget six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown to it.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the part of Windus, the installation used multiple damage values.
It seemed like wanting to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Starling, and we saw what happened with this.
So there was very strange things.
Studgetter behaves like a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese -- the wave, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese savings, I realized, and I thought, "This is a side attack.
It's completely driven."
The installation is actively looking at the gray box if it finds a specific configuration, and even if the program that is trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, Studentology doesn't do anything.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what's the goal."
It could be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better that we would discover the goal soon.
So we extracted and we discovered the attack code, and we found that it was structured in two digital bombs. A little bit and a big one.
We also saw that they were armed very deeply by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I will attack for.
They probably even know how much the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the installation of State is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old explorers language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code.
What we were looking at at the beginning were called the functions of the system, because we know what they do.
And then we looked at temperatures and data structures and tried to relate to the real world, with the real world of real world.
We need theories about destinations that we can approve or depend.
To get to theories about targets, we remember that it's definitely a violent spiral, it must be a valuable white white -- and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most of the infections have been represented.
You don't find several thousands of goals in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear energy plant of Bush and the National entire National Engineering.
So I told my assistant, "It "Is a list of all the experts in central centers and energy plants between our clients."
I called them and I consulted them in an effort for supporting their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital live with the control control.
The rotor is that part of the cell inside the central, that black object that you see.
If you drive the speed of this pattern, you certainly can break it out and even make the central control.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and discover in an effort to go back to the nest maintenance engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to figure out the big digital living by looking very close to the data and their structures.
So for example, the 146 number in that code, you can't obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these central centers are built in National and found that they're structured in what's called a calculated, and every waterfall contains 164 centrality.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better still.
These cross-controlled corners are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code.
A pretty identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So there was no matches -- it wasn't like this.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up on the dead cats and we had to start again.
Yet, we found that both digital lives pointed to one and same goal, but from different angle.
Small live live is taking a waterfall and making the rotations and the rapped particles, and the big live communicate with six waterfall and manipulating flows.
In essence, we're very confident that we've determined what the dentility is.
It's National -- and it's just Natasha.
We shouldn't worry that other goals are captured by Studget.
So here I show you some very interesting things that we saw really impressed.
There's the gray box there, and the central box looks down.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provider code, which still runs during the attack, with false entry data.
And believe it or not, these false entry data is made by State.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is forgivened by video pressure.
Is it great here?
The idea here is obviously not only to build the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to demonstrate a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbine goes through speed, you have to open up a millisecond student.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're compromised, then bad things can happen.
The plant can explore.
And the operators or the safety system will notice.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is genetic.
It has nothing to see, specifically with centralities, with uranium extraction.
It could work too, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automatic factory.
It's genetic.
And you don't have -- and you don't have a little bit of attack, which is going to destroy this burden with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stackus.
You could also use conventional technology of worms to distribute it.
I want to design it as possible.
And if you did that, with what you end up with is a massive destruction circuit.
That's the consequence we have to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan, in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with huge numbers of goals.
We have to face the consequences and better we start preparing now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph has been done in many sides that people assume the Mosque is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Langel? Okay, really want to hear this?
Yes. Okay.
My guess is that the Mose is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber support.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately.
Because, otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Ralina.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give it subjective skills, or another one that makes the wheelchair users go up and walk.
In Berkeley Bibles? We call these robots, exospience.
They're not different from something that gets in the morning, gives you a big force -- that also increases its speed and help it, for example, to drive the balance.
It's actually the true integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate and connect it with the universe and with other external ones.
This is not a real idea.
To show you now what we're working on, we start talking about American soldier who, on average, it must take on his back, a 45 pounds, and he's demanding to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- lesions on the back, 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to understand this challenge and create an exhibition that could help drive the issue.
Let me introduce you the Hullarshappers -- or Portugal Cartes University.
Soldier: With the HTM exoskeleton I can put 90 pounds through variable terrain for many hours.
Their flexible design allows you to put in cultures and execute movements with great agencies.
And I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I raise my strength and resistance.
Einstein Benjamin, we are ready, with our industrial partners, to produce this device -- this new exhibition, this year.
So it's a reality.
So let's go back to the look at the wheelchair users -- what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people in the wheelchair around the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talked about something that happens with frequency -- very young people, with damage damage in the vertical column than when they start their life -- at 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall, and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talked about the population that aging is rapidly multiplier.
Their only option, many times -- because of a brain injury, or some other complexity -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been that for the last 500 years, from their successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you the DLT who is using Amanda Boston who was using 19 years ago had a injury in the spine column, and as a result couldn't walk back for 19, until now.
Amanda, Boston. Thank you.
EB: Andrew is using our ELAMEDs that I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
They completely don't invasive in the crutches that send signals to the board of the board, here on the back.
There's also a few batteries that give it energy into the shoes, and on the knees, and they make it go forward with this search and very natural sea.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a stranger jump in the air, skiing up the bottom stand down.
In a section of second, I lost all feeling and all the movies of the pelvis.
Shortly after that, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "And I will never walk back again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last pressure of hope of my being.
And the adaptation technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to go down on top of the climate, climb rocks and even ride in the hand bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, until now.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not only of soldiers, but Amazon, and all the users of wheelchair -- all of them.
AB: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day, where the fun is serious.
And no, it's not the and Arab man festival or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonds of the Congress forests.
The bonobos are, along with the chimpanzees, their closest living parameters.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimps are known for their aging.
But unfortunately, we've made too much find in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the currency.
While the chimps are dominated by large guys, addings, bone society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where the deadly violence has yet been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood.
They live in the depths of the college jungle, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradigm -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the television itself, the scenario of violent conflict that has been provided for decades and caused almost as many deaths like the First World War.
No wonder that this destruction also puts the survival of the bone.
The hunting meat trade and deforestation make you not fill a stadium with the bonobos that are left in the world, and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos. You can hear the laughter of the tree to the trees.
Who are these primes?
We know them as the apes "Have love, not war -- because they have frequent sex, promise and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all problems of humanity because the life of bonobos is more than the Kama Suffering.
Both bones, like humans, they love playing all over their life.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance and forget.
With him we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
The game increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the bone game, you see the evolutionary roots of laughter and dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos of the wild environment.
First, it's a blood state game, and I don't talk about food.
Here we have a female and a young male in a middle of a person.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, the heavy of the balls."
I just believe that in this case he loves him, right?
Yes.
So sexual game is common both in bonobos like humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- and also how game requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But play is political.
The game is political, it can adopt a lot of forms, some of which are more translational, imagination, curious -- maybe the place where the staggering is represented.
And I want you to see -- this is Fulfid, a young female man, who's playing with water rather.
I think, as she can, sometimes we play alone, and explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity, which drives us to explore, to interact and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real serious of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our advertising form.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we look at the maximum our game capacity?
The game is not fluid.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and described.
When it seems to play, they can be the moments in which it's the most urgent thing.
So we ate primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I am responsible for developing a nonprofit organization called Robin Hobby.
When I'm not fighting poverty, fire income as a captain assistant in a volunteer bombers.
And in our city, where volunteers make a highly qualified staff -- you have to get to the signal of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first insect.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But then there was still a career standing against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain in the captain, I was faced in a conversation with the owner that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life.
We were at full night, she was standing outside the rain, under a wall, in periodic, slowly, while her house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I just got before I was -- we got Lego Luther --  he came first to the captain and he asked him to go into and save the dog of the house.
The dog. I was so clean."
There was a lawyer or a money management who, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I walked into a call to save a living living just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the following.
The captain made me an admire.
He said, "Beeries, I need it to be in the house.
I need it to go up, go through the fire, and bring it to this woman a couple of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I hoped -- but I went -- I went on the stairs, at the end of the hall, happened to the actual firemen that the more or less had finished the fire and went into the main room for a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my burden back to the staircase where I met my Namales and the precious dog on the main door.
We pulled out of the house the teachers for home dream where, as I was expected to expect, his testimony got much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter from the owner of the house gratified by the brave effort shown to save her house.
The kindness that she observed on the other was that somebody had reached a pair of shoes.
Both in my position in Robin House as in my voice as a volunteer bomber, I'm a witness of an acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also acts of grace.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its important.
So when I look in this room to people who have achieved or are for achieving remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you about this: Don't wait.
Don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give you now.
They serve food in a commercial, clean a park park.
They're mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's life.
So they train the game -- save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, return.
Mark Besses: Thank you.
This may seem strange -- but I'm a big admirity of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea of concept, companies of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used unit of construction in the world.
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us, like buildings or bridges -- a brick at once.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to LEG came up with this.
It was called autonomous assembly literature.
And in a few years, the LED labs came to every home.
It's estimated that they've made over 400 billion or 75 liters per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or homes.
LG: It made it accessible.
LG: Like just adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in Bell labs, the next revolution was about to advertise, the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick that would take us from others to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows us to create much greater and more complex circuits -- a brick at once.
But there's a main difference -- the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing literators.
Let me show you how they work.
Little articles are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they go through the images.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the room, the blue is the current, the room is the input and the orange color is the analog.
So you just have to assemble a blue with one green and very quickly, you can start making bigger circuits.
A blue with one green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulation.
If you change the button by a pulse of pulse that is here, and now we have an intentional light.
We added this shadow to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, the literature are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and sold, literatory allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
In order to make speech faster or slower, it simply takes this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind the literature is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to reduce the list of lists to use.
Lights, sound, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We have given literatory to kids to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how a night works, or why the door of a elevator gets open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also led the designers to design schools.
So for example, designers without experience in electronics begin to play with literators like a material.
You can see, with paper bottles and fight, we have George creating.
(Music sounds)  So a few weeks ago, we took literature to the designers of the Rhode Island School design, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and paper and said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done, a confidence can be active by movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a launch made of plastic that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, literatory became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be aware of all of us.
So literatures have open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world that we live, this interaction world, is ours.
So ahead and inventing.
Thank you.
Today, I'm going to talk about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking for us to engage with the environment.
The collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait a moment.
You can delay a little bit in charge.
We can continue.
No.
This is not.
All right.
The solar technology is.
Oh, I mean, the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to be detected -- we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called "European for America, and they would be like a Peace Peace Peace Forest.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the mentors.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we sent them into the malaria world.
They made big applications. They worked with municipal employees.
Their task is to show the chances of today's technology.
Just meet Andrew.
It's a hydrogen of Boston City.
So here it appears as if you look for a quote, but what you really look for is somebody clean it up when you get stuck by the snow because you know it's not very good at adding fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did he get help in this simple way?
Last year in Boston we had a composer team of "Country for American.
They were there in February, and at that time I was doing a long time last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these diagrams.
But one of the members named Erik Michael noticed something else -- citizens cleaned up the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he made a good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrogen.
You accept to clean it when you snow.
When you did, you put a name, in this case I put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can rule.
I mean, it has a logical component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology is done.
And it extends in viral form.
A responsible of the System City systems when you see this app realized that I could use it, not for the snow, but for citizens to adopt the tsunami silver.
It's very important that these typical stress signs, but people are stealing the batteries.
That's why he asks citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens go down the speed deceptions.
And Chicago just launched it to get people to register to clean up the sidewalks when it is none.
So now we know nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without friction and organic and natural.
If you know a little bit about government technology you'll know that this doesn't normally happen.
software acquisition typically takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we had done for normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the public power of California that until the moment has cost two million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that shows you in a couple of days, and it's showing you in viral form is a kind of advertisement to the institution of government.
It suggests to the government better ways to work, not like private companies, as many people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions and open and generous.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents how we tackle the question of government that has new generation, not as a problem of an analyzing institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out that we're very good at the collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Court for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain about it, they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost from view.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the row at the DNA record Australia, and all those other things that put us crazy -- the government is essentially in Tim Zeith words, which we do together because we only can't be."
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, the government itself.
And since the government at the last extension of us -- remember that from ourselves, the people, the way we think about it will affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government is to choose people to get charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially a question of architects.
This is the phone care center of services and information.
It's the place that takes the calls if you drive 311 in America.
Scott started this call.
In the base of official knowledge.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, can you open the door of the house, put music right and see if it's going?
And it worked. So well for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the architects.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and cell phone called "Citygooks.
We don't program that app.
It was the work of very clever people from the October of New United Mechanics Organization.
And one day, this really happened, comes this period, Zabian in my trash cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to really read?
The Sylvian Connecticut dynamics is different.
Scott was talking about person.
In Citygoid Connecticut, everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I got back to the place, I found the boat behind the house.
Zieldwood." Yes. I live? Yes.
I turned the cube over. I went home.
Good night, sweet agriculture."
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of the government to distributed volunteer collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily refer to the definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to authenticate and help others.
So, a citizen helped another but here the government had a key paper.
I connected to the two people.
And I could have connected with government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor help another, we strengthen communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
Many people understand it, but think that one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have they chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that government reflects our values and satisfied our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like a huge ocean and politics is the surface layer.
Belly it's what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word in a lot of approach.
But it's that kind of thing that keeps us that is that we fund as something that operates in our contrast, that other thing, and we are actually losing power.
People think politics is sensitive.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because it's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes the Open movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 125 pages in response to the foreign of the Finance (Audience: about the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's biological activists.
And for those of us who have been responding to the government, it's time that we ask ourselves what world we want to leave to our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we will get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all of us?
We cannot prevent government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand to the civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act normally, you just have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am recorded, I'm a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost by granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who is going to talk about, everybody will talk about.
They can express their opinions at any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care a lot about making your voices.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaned up a hydrogen, taking a weeds by getting bad, making a garbage cube that has an infection inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those diamonds, and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we are not only consumers -- we're not just consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services.
We are more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the citizen.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will be a voices of voices, or will we also be a human multiplicity?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in prisons, prisons and death correct.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stations has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that say here are impact around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it makes sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach them with feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, I know if it's radical, can do much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I actually didn't learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family, dominated by a matrix, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started a lot of the discussions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
Her parents were born in slavery in Virginia.
She was born about 1880s, his experience with slavery as I saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also lovely.
When I was a little and looked at her, she came up and gave me a good arm.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I was supported.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and I was coming up and said, "Brazil, still feel my arm?
And if I told him that no, I was grinding back and if I told him I did, I was left in peace.
It had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the least of 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a while with her, it wasn't easy to catch his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up a morning, and I went into the room and there were all my cousins running out.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and I looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So he looked at her and smiled, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she got up, he took me back to the room, and he said, "You get Britann. We both will convert."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I will never forget it.
He took me out and said, "Brazil, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Mayan.
She said, "Now I promise you won't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, he looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want."
I will never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise me three things, Brazil."
I said, "You know, Mama."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise me is you always want your mother."
Adam, "She is my son, and you've got to promise you to always take care of it."
Like I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mama, so I will."
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise me is that you always do the right thing -- although the right thing is the hard."
And I thought about it, and I said, "Yeah, Mama.
Then, finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise me is you will never drink alcohol."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mama, I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural south, I have a brother one year older and a sister a younger year.
When I was 14, 15 -- one day my brother came home with a six beers, I don't know where I took them, I grabbed my sister and me and we went to the forest.
We just got to do the low-cost local.
He took a beer brand, offered my sister and she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. Okay. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today we do it. And you always do the same thing as we do.
I already took something, your sister as well. Take a break."
I said, "No. I won't feel good. You can go."
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What's going on? Take a break."
I kept looking at it with force and said, "Oh, I'm not going to be thinking about the conversation with Mama."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mom tells all the grandchildren who are special.
I got straight.
I have to admit something to you.
Let me tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will be widely spreading.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken an alcohol.
I don't say this is a virtual. I say it for the power that the identity is.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to the others that don't really see it.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe power.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoners during the president.
My uncle died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things which, according to it, we had to commit ourselves.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than 40 years ago.
In 1977, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in conditional freedom.
And this massive programming, in my view, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black, you find so much designer, so much despair.
One in three black between 18 and 30 years are in jail or conditional freedom.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington, 50 to 60 percent of all young people are in jail or conditional freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race as well.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not audience, but wealth is the wealth that comes up with the results.
And we seem to feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and the future makes us believe that these are not problems.
We are deceased.
It seems interesting.
We are looking at our work some pretty curious development.
In my state, in Alabama as well as other states -- you give you the rights forever if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 24 percent of the black male population has lost definitely the right to the vote.
And if we projected it for the next 10 years the level of loss of rights will be as electrified as it was before they passed the law on the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it feels to 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this country jail for children, no chance to go out.
Right now we're in a process of some literatures.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the heart of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense we have taught us to think that the final question is, do people deserve to die for commercialized crimes?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about another way about how we're in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it, it's not about deciding if people deserve to die by the committed crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine people, one that is innocent that is extraordinary and released from the heart of death.
A rare rate, amazing -- an environment of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would never be allowed by any participation if every nine to set up, you would have to be stream.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery to you.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and it lasted to World War II.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being linguisted.
They worried about being born.
The threat of the terror was what defined their lives.
There are now older people who come up to me and say, "Mr. Steven, you tell talks -- you know, makes a speech -- I give people to stop saying that in our history we have the term of terrorism, after the 11.
They ask me to say, "No. I say we grew up with that."
The age of the terror, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial sub-shaped and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we historically have done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial secretary without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty of death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's good to listen to what you say."
Adam, we don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will never naturally be able to have it here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There is no way that with our story, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and delivered, we would put people to exercise?
I reflected about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, executed people, especially if they were mostly Jewish]
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this discovery.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you don't really care about these difficult things, the positive and wonderful things are, however, implemented.
We love innovation.
It fascinated technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately those realities are self-conflicted by suffering, abuse, degradation, distress.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We finally talked about the need to have more hope, greater engagement, more depressing with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the lowers that will never get to TED.
Think about them in a way, something that is inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
That's how we are despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation, development comes not just the brain ideas.
These things come from food as well as the heart convictions.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not only the bright and unfortunate, but also the dark and the hard.
Roo Handi, the great chest leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the opportunity, we wanted all kinds of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness to be in sites of despair and being teachers."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is virtually in the heart of what I think, which still in communities like TED, should commit to us.
There's no discovery related to technology and design, that allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclude, to inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the great privilege -- being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks.
These women get together simply to talk.
Occasionally, the lady Cartoon called me, to say, "Brazil, comes the lady.
You want to come and listen to?
I said, "I know lady. I do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?"
I said, "You hear it."
So I was going and just listening to them.
It was very video, very lighting.
And at one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks went to me and said, "Now Brazil, tell me that it's that idea of equality.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started to give him my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question the injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted unfortunate.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the feelings of life, without parole.
We tried to do something about death drive.
We tried to reduce the population in jail.
We try to end with massive processors."
I gave him all my best speech, and when he finished me and said, "He Mombai Momboy Momba."
And he said, "Let's get pushed, very stuck."
At that point, Ms. Cartoon leaned up, put his finger on the face and said, "It's why you have to be very brain."
I think the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find ways to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because the humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I have come to understand and to believe that each one of us is higher to the worst thing we've ever made of.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a mentor.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not that it's a lady.
Even if somebody kills each other, it's not that it's a killer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
It isn't.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very literally, very striking, we are not being judged by our technology, by our design, not by our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of the end, the character of a society, not the way they treat rich and powerful and privilege, but the way they treat the poor, the conditioner, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really profound topics about what we are.
Sometimes I feel designed -- I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I make too much force.
I stay tired, like everybody.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in a very important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been sitting with a lot of digital.
I go to jail and I see my 13 and 14 years old, who have been set up for them to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what it's not?
The judge was abandoned as an adult, but I see a kid.
One night too late was thinking about -- by God, if the judge can become something that you're not, you must have magic powers.
Yeah, Brazil, the judge has magic powers.
You should ask about that.
As I was very late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a mosquito.
I had a 14 year-old customer a tiny, poor, black client.
I started working on the mosque, with an income that said, "Mosque for my 14 year-old black client to be treated like a 75-year-old privatized white white white white white white white white white white.
In the mosque I put that there were individual behavior in the accident, in the behavior of police and the process.
There was an attacked line about how in this country there is no ethics -- but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning I woke up thinking about that mission would be a dream.
For my horror -- not only had it reduced, but I had sent it to the current.
They spent about two months, I had already forgotten it.
And I finally decided, "Oh God, I have to go to the cut for this stupid case.
I went into the car, and I felt really aged, absorbed.
I went into the car.
I thought this would be very difficult and perfect.
I finally pulled out of the car. He walked to court.
I was climbing the stairs when I found a bigger black man, was the condition of the judgment.
When he saw me, he came up and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer. He replied, "Is you a lawyer? I said yes.
So I got appropriate and arrogant me.
And I whisper in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was video.
That was deeply connected to my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this market masses?
I said, "Mr. Mr. Mr. Arab -- and we started discussing it.
People started coming. They were all indicated.
I was the one who had written those crazy.
The police are an assault fear police, the authorities.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people. They all funded because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the hard of the eye I went to see the consumer that was going and coming.
He looked through the window and he was able to hear all that graduate.
I kept walking over here and there.
Finally, this old black black, with face of concern, walked into the room and sat behind me, almost on the lawyers of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge described a recession.
During the descendant a self-replication assistant was shown because the consumption had entered the room.
The car is advanced on the old black.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black stood stood down, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said, "I've got to this audience room to tell this young man who hold his view in the with mission.
I have come today to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds towards justice.
That we cannot truly be evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
Our survival is bound to others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to the fruit and compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of you who share this, I just want to tell you that you keep your view on the short goal.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an everyday desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that is not a check. What can we do?
BJ: There are various opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a refrigerator this spring, where you get a effort to reinforce the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, they are going to spend a billion dollars in death penalty over the next five years.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of homicide don't match areas.
56 percent of rapes are going to nothing.
Here's a change of change.
This refugee is going to propose that these funds are being determined to make the law, the security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the U.S., in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it tells you that it has to do with the largest incarceration rate.
What would you tell people what they think is like this?
BJ: Actually, the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by violence.
It's the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes up in the racing population.
And we let ourselves convince the periodic record.
We have three legal causes to bring people to a period of periodical chain, for stealing a bicycle, by small crimes against ownership instead of making that resource to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy of punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brazil, you've been excited about today here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by the death of Bin Laden.
Locked 2: famine in Somalia, Loca 3: Police 3. The police are standing gravitational gas.
Locked 4: Cartels deployed. Announcer: Local Crossing Driver Crossing.
Locked Jiel." Social December. Local 77, 65 dead.
Locked 8: Alexander of tsunami, Lock 9: Cybersparkings.
Several logos. War to the narrative. mass destruction. Tolon.
Recession. Brandine. Final Justine. Egypt. Sirgapida.
Crisis. Dead. Designer.
Oh, my God!
Peter Diamarkh? These are just some of the clips that I got over the last six months -- you could probably be over the last six days or over the last six years.
The idea is that media means prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters to us more than survive, the first stop of all that data is an ancient clip of the temporal lobe called analysis.
The amygdala is our early warning detector -- the danger detector.
Order and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So from a dozen stories we will prefer to look at the negative.
That old lady of the press, "If there's blood, selling. It's very true.
And since all digital devices give us negative news for the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are a peripheties.
I don't wonder that people think that the world is going wrong in worse.
But maybe it's not.
Maybe in change, what really happens is that we get distributions.
Maybe the huge progress made in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance over the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problem: climate change, the extinction of species, water and energy scarcity. We certainly have it.
As human beings are very good at adding the problems and over the long run, we ended up with them.
Let's look at what happened in the last century to see where we go.
Over the past hundred years, the average of life has been more than doubled the average precedities per capita adopted by inflation has been transported around the world.
Child mortality has gone down 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, the cost of electricity, the transportation and the communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pink showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kenya that the global literacy spent 25 to 80 percent to 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We are really living an extraordinary time.
Many people forget.
And we continue to put higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it today in America, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, bathrooms, television, cell phone -- air conditioning and cars.
The back of the back of the last century, the experts on the planet, never dreamed of such luxury.
Supporting a lot of this is technology and lately their exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that runs in information technology on this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
For that reason, the cell phone you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supermarket in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
This is Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and depression.
It's the result of rapid computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop before any big challenges.
And even though it's graduated on a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is itself getting faster.
And in this curve, to the horrible Moore's Law, there is a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Australia call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, digital medicine, nationality and food medicine.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Jerusalem of Watson, from IBM?
It was picture.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I would have.
And I loved this: "What is solved to human opportunities?
Jersey is not an easy game.
I play with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the cell phone.
Four years ago, at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Sylvia University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And each year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or services, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean to create fancy life for every single person on the planet.
It's about taking that that is scarce and turning it up.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Nano IIV in the middle of the 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Simbit.
National troops ate with silver covers, and the same Nanopatch, with gold.
But the king of Simon, I ate with aluminum covers.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, but the gold and the dish.
For that reason, the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum of alignment.
You see, although the aluminum is 83 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's lined by oxygen and synthetic.
But then the electrons came out and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was disappeared.
We project this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet back to 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth, 16 trials of energy every 80 minutes.
It's not about scanning, but accessible.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation of generation -- eight rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, the solar electricity cost six cents a mouth of hour compared to the 15 cents of the national media.
And if we have energy abundance, we also have water abundance.
Let's talk now about wars by water.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Valley Space on Earth, in 1990, after Saturn, after Saturn."
It took a famous picture. How was it called?
"A pale blue dot.
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for the water of the planet, but there's also a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nanotuses.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the hydrogen -- I'd like to share with you, I gave you permission to do that, your technology called Slidler -- you might already know it. It's the size of a small refrigerator.
It is able to generate a thousand liters of water to the day of any water self-replication, contaminated water, a letter, for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed that making an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes right, and I have full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it globally, in 2006 countries on the planet.
This is a powerful innovation of this technology that there is today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
Oh my God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile phones in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think of that mass warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And of course with a smart cell phone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communications that no one could have predicted before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- GPS, video DNA, images, books of books and music, medical diagnostic technology -- now they destroy and lose market value with the mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when it comes to health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Lean-A-hair-to-day Foundation, something called the X Law Law, 10 million dollars.
We are challenging the teams of the world so that they combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they speak, and since it has AI, they can take the blood out of the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the mortality charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of the health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize the heart of health and first of all, prevent the pandemic that happens.
But this is the greatest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion increases.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the seat of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, going from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds have never been attached to the global conversation.
What do you want these people?
What do you want to get?
And instead of an economic collapse we'll have the greatest economic impact of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars embedded in the global economy.
And go from more health to the Tricks, from a better education with the Khanzhi Alexander and because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we provide three billion more members of humanity, educated and productive and productive?
How about some voices never before?
What if we give them the opening -- wherever they are, a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time?
What will these three billion do?
What if they are contributions that we can't predict.
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that just before you could do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Police.
It came at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
The plans determine structure and function.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a super-sum problem.
They've played with these college professors, among others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people were supported and started playing it.
And it's shown that today the machinery of recognition of human patterns is better by folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, which gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the biology of the biotech.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that would be used to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the correction of the point of part.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1853.
You might believe it pushed penguins, but it didn't.
It actually records fish.
And he described one of them as very common.
It was the memory.
I was asked a lot until the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red Law of the UNICC.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're president.
The poles still say they remain intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a water in Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The water was surrounded by palms, and as you can see, from a few mangoots.
There were the things that were about 20 centimeters -- black bar.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant and went through a good moment, so it was earning more than the average in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had gone down in half.
They managed to manage the five centimeters.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was compared to the introduction of the arrogance fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s. Europe did a lot of development projects.
The destructive development was supposed to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen to impose the Industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly is called the Music 4.
I went out to fish in it, and we did studies in southern the South China Sea and especially in the Japanese Sea.
What we captured there was something inevitable.
We captured now, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were spectrum, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most of the fish are tiny lights about some remains -- remains that are coral reef fish.
In summary, the sea bottom came to the deck and then it was alled.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very quick.
In a year, you do a study and then the commercial fishing begins.
The background goes from being a solid board of coral, in this case, to be a light.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them. They disconcelled them because they were dead.
Once we captured a live.
I still wasn't released.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what they collect fishermen every time they go to an area where they have never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of participation, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this is something like this.
On the axis and we have good things -- biodiversity -- amount of origami, the weapon of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images that are received at the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and the remarkable thing to go.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the change of change.
And at the end of the end of the final missions.
And that, largely we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they have done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before you get extinct -- it's little frequent.
You don't lose annual animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on large animals, and in a sensitive sea of big fish.
They become little frequent because we fish.
Over time they have a few fish, but we think that's the point of participation.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they expect the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them presented -- like the captain that I looked at a lot of fish in this area cannot be used, or usually not using the scientists of the fish, because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in built societies because they don't rely on the sources of the past.
From there the huge role that can fulfill a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really recognize the past.
We get the past that people cannot be able to conceive because the point of part has been cut and it's extremely low.
That is for the people who can see a marine protected area, and they can benefit from the vision that provides it, which allows them to delete their point of participation.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle West, for example?
I think the arts and cinema may be able to fill the vacuum.
This is a simulation of the Bay Bay of Chap.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that mathematics and toners are kind of "A "Adam."
And if you think about "Darita, if you think about why people were touched with the movie -- if you were talking about the history of Pockets, why would you go to the imagery of images?
Because it raises something that, in a sense, it's been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one to give, is Cambridge, to make "Daming II.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alexander, the YouTube trend manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why videos are becoming viral and how important it is.
We all want to be stars, celebrations, singers -- when I was younger, that seemed something very, very difficult.
But today the video of the web makes any of us, or our actions, compared to a part of our global culture.
Anyone can be famous on the Internet in a sanitation.
They climb over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, just a small percentage becomes viral -- it receives infinite visits and computer mobility.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends, conversation communities and surprise factors.
Well, let's start.
Bean Vansan? Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Ohio, who was golden."
KA: Last year, Bean Village published this video film outside his house in the Noster National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproductions in the popularity of the past summer.
Bean doesn't propose to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you're called Mount Mountain Beatle.
I had already published many videos from nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kim.
Jimmy Kim published this Twitter that caused the video to popular.
The creators of trends like Jimmy Kim presented us new and interesting things and discussing them to a wider audience.
Red Black)  It's Friday -- you have to start the Friday --  -- everybody wants to get the weekend.   You all want the weekend.  KA:   Veronica, Friday --    KA: You won't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video, hope.
"Redwood Blue is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like "Iraqi Seven, this video seemed to have gone from nothing.
So what happened this day?"
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask about those other peaks as well.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday sent?
Well, the Tom Tascer, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Microsoft Science Eastern was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends of trends adopt a view and share it with a wider audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 participants on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the individual entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon by designing it or doing something new with that.
"Non-lever animation is a repetitive animation with an accent music.
So that's it.
This year you saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know there's a three hours version of three million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats who saw other cats to see the video.
But the important thing here is creativity that woke up between the Internet telephone community.
There were reminders recovering.
Somebody made a version to the old one.
And then it became international.
All of a sudden, a whole community of reminder that made this happen from being a stupid joke to something that we all can form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Door saver, or Report Black or "Nano Cather?
What would you have written to have written that situation?
In a world where you go up two days of video per minute, only that really unique and unexpected can get rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the muscles in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Systering." I was glowed by not circulating by the bike, but often there are obstacles that prevent you directly by the bicycle.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Silicon got five million to see and understand his idea.
So this approach is worth all of the new things we do creative.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beat Vansance, what does this mean?
Ohio.
KA: What does this mean?
Tendencies of the trend -- creative communities of participation -- the totally unexpected creatures, are characteristics of a new kind of media -- a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity itself.
As I said earlier, one of the current celebrities of the world, Justin Bernan, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they're just the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still bringing together.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a dragonflies, a man whose entire life had been supported in the only unit of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communist comes into Sandwi, the fact that their life had been totally in van.
The words for so long, for so long, now they were driving it.
It was refugee in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget her story.
My task was not letting that have been in van, and my lesson was to learn that history tried to support us, but we supported.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat on the shortage of stopping silk silk to sea.
My mother, Mar, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a controlled marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a single task -- the escape of her family and a new life in Australia.
She was inconsistence for her that he couldn't do it.
And after a four years that challenged the fiction, a boat went into the sea disguised of fishing back.
All adults knew the risks.
The greatest fear was pirations, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother was wearing a chest freezing.
If you were captured, first of all, my sister and I, and then I and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the proposal showing you in every wave, and the very empty and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were punished with the wrong of the men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't go through for six hours.
But I know the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, finished the trip was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men.
No apple had the same kind of shoe.
After three months in a refugee camp, we were decoding in Meladdo.
And the next piece of puzzle is about four women over three generations by shaping a new life together.
We set up in Powerhills, a kind of suburban suburban that population is made of immigrants.
Unlike the middle of the middle of the middle class, whose existence I decided, in Police, no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of the controlled English were interacting between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car mountain line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title at IT the information.
We were poor.
All the dollars were settled, and established an extra tube in English and mathematics, no matter what it would be stopped, which was generally a new clothes, always the second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the talents, because it had to last six years.
And there were weird singing and painful singing on the rainforests and some Grammar, "Athenismation, come home."
At home, where?
Something in me was industrialized.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to get you."
My mother, my sister and I slept on the same bed.
My mother was searching at every night, but we knew about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmares.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake it out.
She opened a computer store, then he studied to be station and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who could not make the transition. Reverse and influential, and kids traumatized between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and patents.
And the centers were created.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, I was the classic Asian student, implanted with what I would demand from myself.
In the other, I was controlled in precision lives, really clear by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many received help over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of adventure, I was picked up the year Australian of the year.
And I was a catalog from a piece of preparation to the other, but his edges didn't fit in.
So Leh, an anonymous resident from Pollocking, was now -- Less Leader, refugee and social activist, invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to get back to the routine and the comfort of life in a sub-Saharan and a grandmother -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling you about the day of each and getting asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I reminded myself that I had now the same age that she had when she got up to the boat.
No one had ever been an option.
"Do it said, "And you're not what you're not."
So I talked about juvenile deployment and education and detection to the marginalized and the deployments.
And the more I was talking about, the more it was soldier to speak.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they love, living on the border of the possible.
And although I finished my liquid, I realized I couldn't stay on a lawyer race.
There had to be another piece of proposations.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger -- a recent news, new in the scene -- and not only is it good, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside it can easily mean collapsing the horizons, it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province.
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world demands, but not the way we fear.
possibilities. They were not allowed to be all the time.
There was an energy there, an installation optimistic, a rare mix of humility.
So I kept my intuition.
He joined a small group of people who the motto cannot be done? It was an irreditable challenge.
For a year we didn't have a cent.
At the end of every day, it made a giant stem of soup that we all share.
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy -- but some brilliant ones, and we opened step.
I took the decision to move to the United States.
after one journey.
My hearts again.
Three months later, I had moved to me, and the adventure kept on.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time where the Conservation was social norm and the local Mandela was the person who matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
Mother raised it alone.
At 17. He became a connection of a Mandela whose mother was bladded.
Without support of his husband, he caused a revolution by demanding and taking the cause of it, and much more revolutionized caused when he won.
He cannot be wrong.
He was in the shower in a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles in Meladdosar.
I looked through the maller of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to go.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Photoshopped and sat around his atmosphere.
We told stories and we made sure we were still with her.
At night a monkey came and told us that I had to close the atmosphere.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is her hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning?
"You haven't sold it."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life forms us, now we can see that men who would have come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would easily have agreed easily.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I ask myself about the boat.
Who could wish that for you?"
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a piece in your lives, supporting the wall in every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the very horizontal vacation that you don't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and look at it, I would do.
Tree News, and also the mother of so is today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Rabbard about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Supik Saltan singer Alex.
We were talking about how nothing has changed since the time of ancient Indian expert "The Mahatma.
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel up to a car, and we crossed the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
And at that time when Auga, the big Indian warrior print, had sex, pulled a bow and with a little block to the floor, kept water.
Now we do the same with talents and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machine had replaced magic.
And that got me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more collectively.
I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciating a matter if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not kill it.
My grandfather gave me her plastic plate of pollen.
And this 50 year-old technology was to my the most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, pictures and narratives in my imagination.
I had the feeling that the mobile phone, the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent that we were.
They forget our inspiration.
So I launched myself, I threw to this technology world to see how to use it to create magic, instead of killing it.
I flow books since 16 years old.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
Put the text to the picture, the animation, the sound and the touch.
Narrative becomes increasingly multiplicity.
But what does that look like?
I'm about to launch Khanzan, an interactive app for iPad.
He says, "I put your fingers on every light."
And so --  says, "This box is going to be ... I write my name.
And so I get a character of the book.
In several times I get a cardiology -- the iPad knows where I live because of the GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner kid is excited about all of these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we open from children.
For some reason, the fireflies in a fraction always had amazing me.
So here we have to tilt the iPad to release the flowers.
And really, they lit your way into what the rest of the book.
Another idea that fascinated me was that a whole galaxy can be able to be a ball.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a ticket that I drag into this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In every book of fantasy, there's always been maps, but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grows and flu and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book it also unfolds.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and the contemporary time.
These are the people here.
We've all heard of the disasters and the nines, but how many people outside India know their Indian contradictions, the personalization?
These poor partnerships have been trapped in the cameras of Indra for millennia, in an old book.
So we're turning them back into a contemporary child history.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about environmental crisis, one of the problems over the last 10 years has been that children have been buried, attached to their PCOTa, haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can bring our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a kid, I had lots of collections of pains, pales, bloods, blood and colleagues.
For some reason, children don't do it.
So to recover this childhood ritual you have to go out, and in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tag it.
This is a digital collection of pictures that can then be put on the Web.
A Guandright kid puts a picture of a stream and says, "Oh, today I saw a strand."
A kid in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taking place.
Within the connections of connections between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video grid, and through augmented reality, you see a group of animated drivers that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At one point, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and be able to read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where the forces of nature are interviewed with technology and magic and technology approaching each other.
We harvest the energy of the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic and joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
So I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of equipment projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at Nobel University was to decision a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known -- what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems why all of us, or maybe not everybody, but most of the engineering projects fail, since we stop listening.
This is my Wikipedia school. It's something very simple.
It has a book of the train and off.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 K.C.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my care doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time where I need carbonature or some urgency of that style but see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connected to my Wi-Fi bit before I went up to my car, people start to talk to me, Luck, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people out of their chair and develop some recreational activity to have more control in their health.
From the next week it will be available.
This little bank connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they go back the control and be capitalists of their own ship, but it can also help us the health care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the cost of medicine, the disability of demand and other issues.
To perform techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also through corruption.
And one of the things we did I want to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the automatic cars are in Mathaid.
It's also where all the gaps are.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest Darwin close to help this patient?
We ask it, but no one was born.
Nobody knew where to get the DEA saves lives right now.
What we did was we did crowd in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to be a DEA, and you see a DEA, please give you a DEA, and when it's open, and when it's open, because sometimes they open in hospitals and others are closed.
And over 10,000 Darwins were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we made an iPad app for the iPad.
We created an app for Labol, augmented reality, to find these DERN.
And every time they are in the city of Mathaids, and someone collapse, they can use their iPhone, and the next weeks use their Microsoft cell phones to find the nearest Darwin, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this one, not just like Darwin 14,000, which is the name of the product, but as DNA.
And we wish to start in the world.
We are consuming all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the Carter Crossing around the world.
Every time they are of vacation and someone collects, it can be a relatives or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these Darwins.
They might be medical service or phone people, for example, to see if the DEA that is shown is still in their place.
Please take care of this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it photographer?
Because, of course, they are photographs that can't take their cameras.
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
He mixed up with my passion before the drawing, but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera the process was on planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when you press the palesting.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
It seemed like anybody could do it.
And so I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressure the pulse.
Photos like this: a building in a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite it, it keeps a level of realities.
Or pictures like these, dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of realition.
And when I say realistic I say photographs.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to seem to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
Photos where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that captures a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look real?
Is it the details or the colors.
Is light intervene?
What is the illusion that creates illusion?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But at the end it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality, and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imagined objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that still seems traditional as if you were there.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we go back to the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining the photographs.
It really is to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look like I think are those where we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining pictures is very important to consider it, because otherwise something looks bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Secondly, the pictures combined must have the same kind of light.
And these two images fill with these requirements, they were taken at the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect one.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made.
This is another example.
You might think that this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is completely composed by photographs of different places.
In the staff, I think it's easier to create a place to find it because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought, this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing journey.
The costs are from a different location.
The underwater part was captured on a stone pound.
And yes, I even made red the house on the top of the island to look more supersonize.
So to achieve a realistic result, I think it makes planning for planning.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the photos, the result can be very beautiful, and at a very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
Let me start showing you a slide about technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a card mine.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details but the general aspect of the world.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of MIT microbes versus the power of local areas.
The interesting thing about this is that this is like a lot of others that we tend to see, it's kind of a straight line on logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents a magnitude order on the performance scale.
Talking about technology with sexual curves is something new.
Here is something weird here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn out the lights.
They needed more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we record technological curves on logarithmic scales.
The answer is that if I draw them in a normal curve where we say, these are the years old, or some of the time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I wanted to graduate, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
That doesn't say much.
But if I grateful, for example, some other technology, like transport, in a secular curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it's a qualitative change.
If the technology of transportation would move as fast as microbes passed, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technology development of a studious growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to ask is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't remain forever.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve. I know like this until it sounds something completely different or maybe doing something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So now we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I try to ask about, and ask myself, is, what is that new way to adopt the world?
What new state does the world go?
Transition seems very, very confusing, if we're embedded in it.
I remember a kid, the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been focused, year after year, along my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything is so different that it will extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience it.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have much to do with technology and I.T.
Because I think the only way of understanding it is taking distance and looking at the long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do that is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 million years when the Earth was a big star rock with many chemicals that float around them.
If you look at the way those chemicals organize us, we give a sense of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this and is that, at that point, there was floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil goals contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate material materials and so on.
They started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, those oil drives.
But those goals were not alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide a unequal distribution of the chemicals that they continue.
So every drop was a little different.
In fact, the goals that were disting in a way being better than the time to incorporate the chemicals -- they grow more, they brought more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer. They were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemistry life, very simple, but things became interesting when these goals learned the trick of abstraction.
Somehow we don't understand very well, these goals learned how to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this evidence without meaning, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate it.
What's amazing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since you evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 microscopic dust microbes that I try to hide the security people of the airport.
But it goes on. He took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this diagram of DNA and approached it 10 to 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have a lot of for all of us in the present, in fact, for every single person in the world and is here.
If it was a sheet I'd put it in a virus, and it would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step."
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy about another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things got very different and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information forming so communities of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid the penicillin, and they took them to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are a lot of resistant to penicillin, because bacteria communicate.
This communication led to the place that communities would be formed, in a way, were together in that -- and they set up a synergy.
That way they survive or failed together, and if a community was very successful, all individuals in that community were replaced more and they were forced by evolution.
And the point of influence happened when these communities got so much that, in fact, they went together and decided to write the entire community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as one organism.
In fact, we're a multicultural community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscle of the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened inside these communities.
These started to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that were not doing more than processing information in community.
It's neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of recording and understanding and transmitting information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the period of evolutionary time.
So, an organism could, for example, learn how to eat a certain fruit because he knew bad and sick the last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism since they had built these information processing structures that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures will really increase the evolutionary process.
Because evolution might now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea of a vague idea, in the head.
I'm here sitting here by emitting a bunch of graduates, and hopefully building a similar idea, I go forward and confusing, in your head that I saved some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we turn it into sound, in sequence of sound, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to make abstract.
We now go through periods similar to multicellular organisms -- we abstract our record methods and presentation and information processing process.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The phone -- the computer tape, the video tape, the CDOs, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that connects us into something much bigger and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds now.
You saw the evolutionary example of The You where I produced a certain evolution with the Convention program, before our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scale of time again.
The first stages of history that told them took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few million years of years.
The next one, the language and so on, took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is stuck. I guess authoritarian is the right word to name something that acceleration its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process stops.
But I won my life designing computers and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design them would not be possible without recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible.
I don't know that it makes every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead of that, with the designers of The Tanzania Machines, we think about a level of abstraction -- we put it on the machine and the machine with that does something that you didn't before you can, much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I use methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve.
We say, "Please, computer -- can you run a hundred million sequence of self-replication sequences.
Could you be able to execute these sequences of instruction at random, to raise all those programs, and take those that are more appropriate to what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are approaching the most.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, fortunately, he could put two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer, you could take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task?
We put those and let's eat the rest.
And now we reproduce the best of the numbers.
And let's go back to reproduce a process of recording analog and sex.
So let's take two programs, which will make children, who exchange surfaces, and the children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of products of programs that have a little more success.
And we say, "Please, repeat the process."
Capture again.
And I introduced some mutations in it.
And it tries again and represent it with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or complicated cases in a few hours.
In the end, we ended up with programs that order numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they are a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They are dark programs, strangers.
But they get the commercial.
In fact, I know, I have the safety that they achieve the target because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that do it.
In fact, their lives depended on achieving it.
Once I was in a 747 with March Minister and I took a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of participants working together to offer a safe flight. Doesn't make you feel like?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well.
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than which is producing normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes ahead of us.
We now use those programs to make computers much faster and so that we can execute these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it sets.
The thing goes faster and faster, and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all of these technologies get apart.
We are standing.
And we are at a moment analogous to the universal organisms when they became multiplicator.
We are the amends, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We are at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant about our part thinking that we're the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever they come from.
But now it comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before I get rid of.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that must change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've spent enough time to let me get part of my false prison on that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We are close to the end, the World System of the world.
We love baseball. Right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's for standing up "In "The rules, talking about statistics and using them to form a great baseball team.
I will focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called battery average.
And we talked about 300 of a battery that battery 300.
That means that the been based on set effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being attracted, and anybody who tries to launch it to the first base -- not in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
You know how you call a 300-dollar battery in the Great League?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a 400 baseball battery?
By the way, that's someone that 10 hits -- about four.
Lego -- like Lego Williams, the last player of the Great Biojeclices in Bernatheis to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's turn this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have approaches and they're demonstrated to a surgeon that has also a report of 400 in the speeds.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place, and a loved self has two or two or their family doctor designed it to a cardiologist whose record in analysis is from 200 dollars.
But do you know what?
She's really improving.
And their actions have been 257.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think that has to be the average of a heart surgeon or orthopedic surgeon from a nurse or a regional obstacle?
1,000 very good.
And the truth of the thing is that no one in the whole medicine knows the actions of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paper.
What we do, however, is to send them the world, and I get involved with the management of being perfect.
That they never, never, make a mistake and worry about how to do it right.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in the medical school.
I was a computer obsessional student.
Once, a fellow in the high school said that Brian Goliles studied until a blood test.
That one.
I studied in my little dentile, in the dentil resident of the German Hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
Out of my class, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the air, the diagnosis of the dramatic difference and the non-zero-sum.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify kidney tumor actions.
And the more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And I went from the medical school with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I knew everything, or the most possible, close to the whole thing, because I would communicate from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the lady.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the lady.
At that time I was assigned to the cardiac service.
And when you emerge emerging to a cardiologist I got to attend that patient.
And reporting the head of residents.
When I saw the Larry Larry, he was garden.
I heard a solar sound.
And when I stuck it, I heard a sound of sound on both sides, which was a consumer heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping the blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are full of blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I got to work on the treatment I would give her.
I gave him aspiration and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave it dialogues, water pollen, so that I could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very good.
And there it was when I made the first mistake. He sent her home.
It actually made two more errors.
He sent her home without talking to the head of residents.
I didn't raise the phone and did what I should have done, which was to call my boss and put it up with him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to bring complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake that ate was worse.
When I send her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner that he said, "Google, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to the name Drake Drug, "Do you think it's okay if he goes to his house?
And the nurse thought and then said with total nature, "Yes, I think being right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed up the tall, and the ambulance alongside the parallels took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I kept with my job.
At the end of the day, I went on to leave the hospital and walk into the parking park where my car was to go home. At that time I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service at home.
And there was another nurse, not the one that came from the Drug lady before, but another one -- three words, those three words that most of the emergency doctors are afraid of.
Other specialists also fear them too, but there's a particular in executive, and it's that we see patients playing.
The three words is: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent his house?
I asked the other nurse with complete natural.
"Well, she went back with the same tone tone tone.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
At the end of an hour of getting to her house, after I gave her the tall, he suffered a collapse and his family called 9911, the parallels brought it to emergency extensions with a 50 centimeter pressure, which means a severe shock.
I just breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff was deployed all their resources.
They gave him medication to climb the art pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was confined and stuck to the spinal cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after the standard was in intensive therapy and he hoped against all hope he would recover.
And in the two or three days that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let it go. The Drug Larry, wives, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks, I was punished by that, and I experienced for the first time the evil shame that there is in our medical culture, and I felt just analyzed, and I was not feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never more committed that error.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The male shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't by my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that supported things and made sure that I would not give up.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why did he send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make such a dumb mistake?
Why did you choose medicine?
Little by the way that feeling was designing.
And I started feeling better.
And in a non-lethal day, the sky opened, and finally the sun came out, and I wondered if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I were driving the efforts to be perfect for not to make more mistakes, it would make those voices.
And it was.
I went back to work.
But it went to happen.
Two years later, I was helping in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and supported.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, I was a little color.
He bought him penistral and sent him to her house.
But as he headed to the door kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my garage change, my boss asked me to be successfully in his office.
And it made the three words: You remember?
Do you remember the patient who saw a pain in the graduate?
Well, he went back, and he didn't have a paralyzed framework.
It had a potentially deadly affection called choices.
You can look for Google. It's an infection, not from the throat, but from the upper air, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He did not do it.
Anti-forward anti-forward antibiotics and it got back to the few days.
And I went through the same period of shame and reproductions, then I sent myself and I went back to work, until again and again and again.
Two times in the same course of eruse, not diagnosing learning.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a descendant.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation of it.
They ordered a radio radiation, but it turned out normal. A colleague that was checking to the patient perceived certain sensitivity on the bottom right and called the surgeon to the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I ordered liquid to retire and asked my colleague to review it.
It revealed it, and when I noticed certain sensitivity on the bottom right, I called the surgeon to the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and they recovered well.
But every case I fell down, I was deployed.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a bread.
The most significant have been for the last five years.
Just level and without support.
And here's the problem: If I can't free and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach them this to not make the same mistakes?
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a transformation in my hospital amplified the wrong leg -- believe me that I would have difficulty looking at her eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions, which make mistakes and the ones that can't sleep and the ones that they can't sleep and the ones that have great results and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction as antibodies that start attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we move from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will get a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of difference and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical privacy and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Steve Transistor to my program, "White Contence, Black AI?
And what I learned is that mistakes are organic.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, in which one in 10 prescribed drugs in the hospital are wrong, or deployment is not right -- in a system where informal infection is increasingly more and more numerous and providing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 conditions for average medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 300.
In both cases, it's about tremendous subscribers, because we're not looking at the problem as we should.
And so there's things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiply every two or three years, and we don't get accessible.
The privacy of sleep invaded everything.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, comes up with closed eyes and stand with alcohol to alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story is about a set.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things like this.
And my patients are not cars. They don't have their symptoms always in the same way.
So the mistakes are inevitable.
So if you take the system as you taught us, and we remove all the professional professionals to error, well, no one left.
And with respect that people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my program, "White "Timesters, black art, is a custom to say, "This is my worst mistake? I would tell everybody, from the parallels to the heart of cardiac surgery, "This is my worst mistake." blah blah blah -- "What are your mistakes, and I would run the microphone to them.
And his students would stop, they would go back, they go down the head and they would train their head and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, don't make the same mistake."
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a redesigning medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The decision-making physician is human, it knows human, it accepts it, and it doesn't be proud of their mistakes, but it's effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
I share your experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It shows the mistakes of other people not with trying to catch them, but in a loving and support way for everyone to benefit.
And I work in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes of time in when it happens.
My name is Brian Golden.
I'm a redesigning doctor.
I'm a human, make mistakes.
And I feel it a lot, but I strive to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what they think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I did a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say to choose an average American -- it's about 70 a day.
It doesn't do a lot, in a research for a week to a group of business presidents for a week.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that were designed by these executives and the time they used to make age-related decisions.
They found that, on average, they get 183 jobs for week.
Naturally, every work included a lot of ministers.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to nine minutes of category, and how many of you in a hour?
How do you qualify the way that you handle those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today -- choose to the operation of choices.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give you a palm.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of operation of options?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University -- I grew up this very, very high level, at least at that time was very sophisticated.
It was called Drakes.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and virus, over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the waste water. And this was when we took the gravity water.
I loved going to that tent, but at one occasion, I asked myself, why never buy nothing?
This is the standard of the olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes including those who were in the sealed box that came from millions of millions.
I once decided I decided to visit the manager and ask him, "Did this strategy give you this strategy of offering all these choices?
He pointed me out of tubes full of tourist that came up every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the measures.
It's classified.
They had 384 different classes.
We installed a set to despite, right to the entrance of the store.
We put out there simple six shoes, or 24 different flavors and looked at two things: First of all, people were willing to stop testing the market?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there was only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what cases were more likely to buy a metal shoe.
Here we find the opposite effect.
What they stopped when there was 24, only three percent came to buy metals.
Where they stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought metals.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy measured if they found six, that if they were 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy a market probably makes us -- it's less good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the operation of choices affects us in good decisions.
We decided to not decide, even though this doesn't get us.
Now the subject of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study I did with Guard Hung, Emman Nambez and Weipper January, where we looked at the decisions about savings for the support of about a million Americans, from about 600 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds available in the savings of savings available in salary savings for rule, the 2004 program, described people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation of corruption.
We had 757 plans that were going from two, to 50 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funding forces, there was less participation.
So if you look at the end, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as it would like.
And in the plans that offer about 60 foregrounds, the participation rate went into the 60 perception.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger the number of options, the more people were unable to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
So the more choices there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial financial account.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we will recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision, they apply it even when this goes against the interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in finance and health.
They're more likely to choose less satisfying things, although obviously they get better.
The main reason is that we hit to look at that giant variety of big massive, mustard and wine and measure, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare and contrast and choose that amazing exhibition.
Today I want to propose four simple techniques that we have tried to, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can train their business.
The first is, Curiton.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People are always upset when I say, "Carry."
They worry about losing space in the analysis.
But actually what we're seeing is more and more is that if you decide to cut, get rid of weird choices -- there will be an increase in sales -- go down the costs -- there will be a better experience in choice.
When Protection & Gamble happened from 26 different guys from Head & Shoes to 15, saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the corporation flies Gold Cat looked at the products for cats of cats that we least sold less were increased in 86 by two causes.
You know that the supermarkets of today, on average offer 45,000 products.
In a Wal-Mart store. About 100,000 products.
But the largest stores in the world today is Audience and offering only 1,400 products -- a kind of stone sauce on the tin.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle choices is David Libbitzas, the Harvard program.
All of the employees of Harvard are automatically embedded to a living fund of life.
They really want to choose, they offer them 20 footprints, not 300 or more.
You know that people often say, "I don't know how to cut out.
These are all important choices.
The first thing I do is ask the employees, tell me the differences that there are among those options.
And if your employees can't distinguish, you can't do your clients.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Garden.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience a few vaccines with all paid to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, an description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you an applause if you're ready to take Garden offering.
(Audience applications? Okay. Anyone who's ready to accept the operation.
Isn't they more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that travel?
I think it actually started hearing more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information on the first round than in the second round, but I can leave and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images were making it more real.
This leads me to the second technique to handle the problem of option superconductor, which is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that the consequences must feel very video, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit, that when you use effective?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shele Benjamin and Alexander Prescription, about people from HIV that worked at INCRA -- these people were in a meeting where they were affordable to a 404 plan.
In that meeting that we were doing exactly how it was used, we made a little addiction.
What we added was that we asked the staff to think about the positive things that happened in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the affection of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts of saving.
The third technique is Climbia.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Bellonian supermarket throughout the northead of the nurse, the magazines can contain from 33,000 different types to 640 different types.
But you know?
Because classification indicates me how to do it.
These are two blood exhibitions.
One is called Japan: and the other, "Stock" is called Japan."
If you think the one on the left is Swiss and the one on the right is Japanese, they have a palm.
(Audience applications? Well, there are some of them.
If you think the one on the left is Japanese and the one on the right is Swiss, they give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japanese and the one on the right is Swiss -- but do you know what?
This clicking scheme is completely useless.
The categories have to indicate something to who choose -- not to the defines that defines them.
You often see this problem with those huge finance list.
So who are they informality?
My fourth category -- conditioning complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than what we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase the complexity gradually as well.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a complicated decision, the purchase of a car.
This is a German German manufacturer that allows them to completely perform it.
You have to take 60 decisions, to raise the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
Colors, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, change box -- four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order where the decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options, 56 colors, to a few times, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look?
How much of you are involved.
If you look at the button of the detail in every decision, this indicates that you're absolutely overwhelmed -- you know, we're losing them.
We found that those who are coming from many choices at a time, they push the button by defending and again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, many of them continue there.
The same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order where information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn how to choose it.
Even though the box of change is not saying anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We are excited about a product that we're building that now has more accelerated with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of operation surface, Curitour, to eliminate strange alternatives -- control, make it real. Climb, we can handle more categories with less choices -- conditioning complexity.
All of these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help drive the alternatives or better for you, to use them in their affairs, or for people who are serving.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful by picking up.
And the more careful we are in our best choices, we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the Eastern Germany, if you had a writing machine should register it to the government.
You had to register an example of example written with the machine.
And this so that the government could trace the origin of text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we don't conceive that someone could do this, how much this would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having a few yellow yellow dots on every page that follow a pattern that makes them own one and their printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to get a lot for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If we look at what happens in the online world, we can accelerate the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There's the circumstances.
Like Mr. Dimitri Golden in the city of Kide, in Ukraine.
The ceremony cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberspace to win a lot of money, the quiet ingredients.
There are really many cases on online online, multipleformatic meditations, who won money with their attacks.
This is Valified Tastes, from Twitter, Estonia State.
This is Alfred Congress.
This is Stephen Water.
This is Bernan Sun.
These are Matthew Anderson and Tatalona Alab etc., etc., etc.
These guys make their flowing flowers online, but they do it for illegal media through banking trians to steal money in our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, freezing the Swiss account of this guy, Sam Janies, and this account had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jane save sounds) His paradigm is discovered.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us to be victims of a circuit than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going wrong in worse.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them -- they motivate them the protests, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have discovered over the last 12 months operating a paper detected on online attacks online.
Those are the three main attacks. The criminals that do it for money, the hydrogens like Anonymous that do it to protect and the last group are national states that attack.
And then we see cases like Digital Divide.
That's a good example of government attack against their own citizens.
Digital is a certification authority of the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
Deligisly the last fall is due to a shock.
They were surrounding the safety of the site and perceived a cybercriminal.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they were planning the death of people because of the attack to Divide attack.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die about an attack of these?
Digitization is a certification authority.
They sell certificates.
What are the certificians serve?
Well, you need if you have a website with hypothesis, self-replicating services, services like Giant.
Except that they intercept a foreign certification authority.
And they emit acceptable certifications.
And in the case of Digital it happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters were held by the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the building of the building, they found a lot of paper.
Among those papers was this captain called HIV/AIDS.
And within that card there were notes of a company with sea in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 280,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters of the company is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple weeks ago, the Sunday trial was found, a trial used by official government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But today it goes beyond.
The Internet connection.
They use even tools like the Steve trial to infect our computer with a trial to allow them to look at the whole communication, and listen to online discussions to get our data.
When we think of things like this, the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play privacy.
Privacy is not discovered.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could rely on our governments today in 2011, any right that we research today will be forever.
Would we trust blind in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that should be concerned about the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the southern part of North National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park of Nairobi.
The National National Park has no close to most of the south, which means that wild animals like blocks migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions -- and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of those who killed at night, and so soon we woke up in the morning, and we found it dead -- I felt very bad because it was the only thing we had.
My community, the mass, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to pass them, and that's why we value them so much.
So I grew up hearing a lot of lions.
They die are warriors that protect our community and the livestock and they're also upset with the problem.
So kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think there's so few in the National Park of Nairobi.
A kid in my community, at six at nine years old, is responsible for his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid of.
But I realized that this really doesn't serve because it even helped lions to see the scanner of far.
I didn't give it up. Continue.
A second idea was to use a speech.
I tried to trick the lions to believe that it was near the stage.
But the lions are very intelligent.  They came the first day and saw the space, and they went on, but the second day, they went back and said, this thing doesn't move --  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stable with a torch and that day lions didn't come from.
I found that lions are afraid of the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with the one that I would learn and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken line.
I was arrest everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little Indian box -- I call it a transformation.
And the box indicates it makes lights detect.
As you can see, the light bulb goes outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see it the lions when they come from night.
The lights fly and hold the lions to think that I'm walking through the stage, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions with lions at all.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals the lions and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see at the bottom, these are the lights for lions for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by all Kenya, to scare other predators, like heat, letters, and it's also used to spread elephants from farms.
Thank you to this invention -- I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and connect.
I even took my friends to my community and install lights in the houses that don't have, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid on the printers of the sand paralyzed my father's cows, and I used to see airplanes fly, and he told me that some day would be inside of one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate the lions -- but now as my invention is saving my dad and lions -- we can be with the lions without any conflict.
At the end of it, what in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like yours.
So you get a birthday. Richard Turkey? Yes.
CA: You're working on other electric inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RS: My next invention is, I want to do a close electric. CA: A close clothes?
RS: I know that the near electric closes, but I want to do mine.
CA: So you try once, right, and you. RB: I've tried it before, but stop because I got a called --  CA: At the foot of the can. Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage every step that you have, my friend.
Thank you very much. RB: Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "Non-level November?
And I felt very proud of it.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Ireland, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemy.
Though sometimes I asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and myself.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister's colleagues.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop being in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two past weeks.
We are collected together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're ready to die."
I was very attracted.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a short time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't delete from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child a kid in her arms looking at her mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them because they were very worried about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine in North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
In the end, over a million North Koreans died during famine and only a few surviving eating specific, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy currents, all my surrounding was completely at the dark night except by sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the American River, which serves limits between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very new at certain points, enabling North Koreans to secret.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of the famine I was sent to China to live with distant participants.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like a Norway Rebelt.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the North Koreans in China were considered illegal immediate.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be reduced to a horrible destination in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interested in the police station.
Somebody had accused me for being a northead, then they would examine my skills in Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explore.
If it didn't look natural, it could be prepared and deployed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interviewer, an official told each other, "This was a fake report. She's not a fascinating.
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some organs in China are looking for a seat in foreign employees.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and depressed.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had caught them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These North Koreans were not so lucky.
Every year, countless North Koreans are captured in China and deployed to North Korea, where they're tortured or prescribed or executed in public.
Even though I was lucky to escape, many other North Koreans have not been so lucky.
It is tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identity and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of his world can be supported in a second.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to go to Korea from South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
So standing in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I was waiting about.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
I also understood that there was a great gap between North and south.
We are all Koreans, but inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
You even go through a crisis of identity.
Am I Korea or North?
Where am I? Who am I?
All of a sudden, there was no country that I could call my proud program.
Although adapting to life in South Korea it wasn't easy, I did a plan. I started studying for the university exam to college.
Just when I started embracing my new life, I got an alarming call.
The authorities in North Korean were involved by some money that sent my family, and as a period, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location on the outside.
They had to help immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
Northerns have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and I love the border with North Korea.
Because my family could not speak Chinese, I had to get them -- somehow for over 3,000 miles across China, and then through the Southeast Asia.
The journey in bus took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and accepted by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification, and he started asking questions questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I immediately stood up and told him that they were dead people who were coming in.
I looked at myself, but fortunately I believed me.
We made all the way up to the Larry border of Louis.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Louis.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and completed by crossing the border illegally from the border.
After paying metals and supermarkets, my family was released in a month.
But at the time, my family was arrested and called again in the capital of Louis.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything for releasing my family, and we were so close to it, but my family was received in prison in the correct prison of the South Korean email.
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But he didn't have enough money to pay more bone or morality.
I lost hope.
At that point, or the voice of a man wondering, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about asking questions.
With my poor English and with a dictionary -- I explained the situation, and no doubt -- the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of money for my family and two other North Koreans and put them out of prison.
I was grateful with all my heart, and I said, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not helping you, he told me.
"I'm helping the North World."
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The little unknown stranger symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North Korea when we needed it.
And I showed that the goodness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the rats of hope that the North people need to do.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving your freedom is only half the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practice practice practices, work practice and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help the surface of the ants an opportunity to thrive international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more normal training around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Center.
This is Center South Center, laws of legal food, rapid food, ball terrain.
So the planners in the city got together and thought, we're going to change the name of Central Center to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles South as if this would fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is L.A., South Angeles.  stores of legal food, fast food, ball terrain.
Like 26 million other Americans, live in a food desert, the Angeles Center, home of the food place to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to bring more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curable diseases in Los Angeles.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hills, which is like 15 miles away.
I was glad to see that this happens.
And I ask myself, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time they go home you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see chairs of wheelchair bought and sold as used cars.
I see centers of dialogue dialogues like Starlis.
And I think this must stop.
I consider the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I also have already been happy to handle 45 minutes of anger and go back to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, was planted a food forest in my house.
In a land friend we call a garden.
It's 45 feet to three feet.
The point is, that belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Graduations, we put together and we started to plant our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we are kind of a set of group paid by gardens of all the computers, from all the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden, I was beautiful.
Then somebody gets completed.
The city stood up to me and in summary, they gave me a quote saying that I had to remove my garden.
And I said, "Come on, really?
An order to plant food on a piece of land that no one matters?  So he was like, "Well, let's look at it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Louis, and I talked to the concept and one of Green Graduations, who put a petition in Chambon, with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My concept even called to say that they came up and they took out what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more balloon terrain.
It has 68 miles of bad terrain.
That equivalent to 20 Participies Central Parks.
That's enough enough to plant 725 million plant plants.
Why is it that the hell doesn't look good about this?
I will grow a plant for about a billion, 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars of output.
It's my night, when I tell people, crops your own food.
Coming your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central Center.
I grew up there. I grew up my children there.
I became part of this manufactured reality that was manufactured for me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my gravity, I grow my art.
Like a gravity artist, I come up with walls, I embark south, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas and plants and trees, are my embarrassment of that canvas.
They would be surprised to see what land can do if they let it be their canvas.
You simply can't imagine how amazing it is and how people affect people.
What happened?
I am witness of how my garden became a education tool, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the ground.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how to affect kids.
The garden is the most therapeutic and provided act that you can do, especially in a urban.
Also, you get prisoners.
I remember an occasion, who came up with a mother and his daughter, were like the 11st of the night and they were in my garden. And they looked very simply.
I, well, man, I felt bad to be there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hunger -- and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Well, don't you fear that people will steal your food?
I say, "Oh God no, I'm not afraid you're going to break it."
That's the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but I want you to pick up your health?
There was another time I put a garden in a shelter for devices in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, I was shared with their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and her grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Groups has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had about 50 people who come in, work and participate, all in volunteer plan.
If kids grow color, kids will eat colony.
If none of this will grow tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind what you're going to put in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing where they're completed. I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, that doesn't take them anywhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these guys who get out of their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Christian is produced.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block itself.
I want to take content and turn them into healthy chapters.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because the free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to hold it.
What I talk about is to try to work to people, take the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want everyone to become exclusive reduced, supermarkets, sub-Saharan gardens.
We have to change the script of what a subject is.
If you're not a garden, you're not a supermarket.
Does the people take their room right?
That is your choice gun.
In sum if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some meditator -- to talk about making some method.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with your wave so that we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Mosquito sounds)   You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of alarm, and the apple is a good material to drive but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the application that I saved.
And especially if you go in your bicycle and these cars go by, that's not very nice.
Also, the alarm can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a quiet road.
The solution for that is to make perfect standard roads.
The perimetic apple, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has portraits and water can go through it, so the whole water water will flow down to the sides and have a road why it's easy to drive and not go out water again.
Noise will also disappear in these portraits.
Because it's very hole, all the noise will disappear -- so it's a very silent road.
It also has devastating, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can discover.
What is the drive? You see that on this road the stones of the surface are coming out.
First and more and more and more and more, and then -- well, you don't do that.  But you can give it your paradigm, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
Ah! It's ready.
Bach, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage looks like in this material.
It's a porous, as I said, so it only has a small amount of advertisement between the stones.
Because of the interest, to the U.K. light, the offering, this adders, this battle, the glue between the risk, the block of risk, and if you get collected, you will get microscopic and you will be separated from the advertising.
So if you drive through the road, you will get the advertising out, as you saw here.
To solve this problem, we think of authorities of authority.
If we can make this material arrive, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel line, from that to clean saltwors, and we can cut the steel length into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the bank.
So we have small shoes with little pieces of steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a discovery machine.
Indication can cataly, especially steel is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the button, the bank flow through these microscopes, and the stones will go back to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big driver machine here on the stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, I'm going to go out to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We have to try it."
So we got a piece of career, 400 feet of the AID highway, where we had to do a trial lane to try this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the road test, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of burden on them, we represent them then with our indication machine and we represented them, and we represented them to try.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using fire fibers -- incorporating these fibers using the energy energy to actually increase the life of the road surface -- even can double the life of the surface -- really will save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they're curious if this was also working.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to cool first before you can show you how the repair looks like.
But I'm going to make a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having aroused a morning with the sound of the grandmother in my house.
My father was listening BBC News in his little gray radius.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news generally depressed it.
The Taliban were going to be from my father.
I didn't know what it means, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he told me.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban were supported from Afghanistan and made illegal that girls were to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a kid to hide my older sister who could no longer be outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could do both.
Every day, we took a different route so that no one could support where we were.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that we would be shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us tested in a little room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we argued our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in the when, school was closed suddenly for a week because the Taliban were supported.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were feared, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a teacher.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total number of the total programming of a remote Afghanistan province -- I insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and that's why her father was replaced.
But my education mother became teacher.
This is her.
It will retire two years ago, just to turn our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of all his family in getting education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not educating their children.
Over the years of the Taliban. I remember there were moments where I was very frustrated for our life and was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to record, but my father said, "Demonstration, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will.
So you still want to not continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the school, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find here proud of graduate at Libby College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, which was excited from his home for the wind of educating her daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate her.
He wasn't just based on my university degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman who carry him down by the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I sleep in large, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1960, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SOS, the first one and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country in which it's still risky for girls to go to school.
What's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see his parents and his families who, like the mine, they would advocate for them, to weigh and even in front of a detailed opposition.
Like Ahma. It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahma is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month, he and her daughter went from ESG to his village, and literally they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When he got to his house, they are the phone, a voice would warn him that if he kept sending her daughter to school, they would try to try.
"Look at me, if you want? He said, "But I won't give the future of my daughter for his old and restored ideas."
What I have realized about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we translate, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, often are the first compelling interests of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. The girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of change.
I fear these changes don't have a lot, after the back of the U.S.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that encourage them, I see a property future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities, and every day, the girls of Sun remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I have never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the exam, "Hey, resist Gabby. fought against him.
But you never get a Gather's revolution.
It has spent almost two years since the liberating revolution inspired by the supermarkets of mass movements as much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other liberal citizens inside and out of the country to call a day of function and start a revolution against the time-based regime.
And we did it. It was a big revolution.
Women and young books were in the farmer, demanding the fall of the regime, providing freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a value by facing the dragonflighter of Galiban.
They've shown a big sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the atomic.
However, Gambia, left a load leave, a legal legacy, corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the Titanian Titanic regime destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of light society.
Conscious of devastation and the challenges, I loved a lot of other women, rebuild civil civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and fair to democracy and national reconciliation.
200 organizations were established about 200 organizations in Benjamin where, and immediately after the fall of Galibani: About 300 in Triet.
After a 33 year-old period, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm I started organizing workshops about the development of skills, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Louistrup of Librarians for the Peace Peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social authority of women and for our right of equal participation in building democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the precipity period -- an environment that was increasingly politically, which is model of selfish policy and excluded exclusions.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 15 percent of the National Congress.
However, little by little, the exhilaration of elections and revolution as one everything, were disappearing, every day we found news for violence.
One day we woke up with the news of the professional mosques and the Sufi trees.
Another day I was born with the news of the American ambassador, and the attack to the consumer.
Another day we woke up with the news of the office of the military office.
And every day, every day we woke up with the government of the military and their continued rape of human rights and their lack of law respect.
Our society, made by a revolutionary mindset, was pollinated more, and it has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, we had at the beginning.
The interstactical, the exception and the revenge.
I'm not here today at all to inspire them with our history of the success of the clean list and the elections.
So I'm here today to trust that we, as a nation, we choose wrong, we take the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
The critical list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national recognition?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still police and dominated with selfish policy policies and exclude, both by men like women like women?
Maybe what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion, microbes and inclusion inclusion.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than it needed the election, which only reinforced politics and division alone.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than needed the neurological representation of it.
We need to stop acting as an indication agent and calling the anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and memory.
We have to develop a female speech, that not just honor, but also put the memory in practice instead of revenge.
These are the ideals that a Liberia, destroyed by war, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has a refugee that is about the interaction and the alternative between female perspective and males.
That's the real crime.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a social way.
According to a Cornel shame, peace -- "is the word of the Microsoft God, the lot of the mission -- to compassion, compassion.
At the same time, the word "Roya," which is known in all of the American traditions -- has the same root in Arabic that the word Karet, symbolizing the female and material, which fits all the humanity that men and women, that all tribes and all the peoples have emerged.
And so as the whole thing is covering completely the embryo, which grows inside the divine matrix of compassion all the existence.
And so we say, "My microbe is going to make all the things."
This is what we say, "My mission prevented about my own."
And everyone was focused on the memory of microbes.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk about an incredible question, which has an equally incredible answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to tackle is the one that all of them do always -- why does she leave?
Why would anyone go to stay with a man who was getting painfully?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no special violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I just finished at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first work as a writer and editor in the Sevan magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green American Architect, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I believed my twin soul -- I went to the head with a little burning, carried up with ball balls.
The man, that I loved more than anyone in this world, put a film in my head and threatening to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "composition love, a psychological trailer, disconnected of love, where millions of women fall every year and even a few men.
It could even be their story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in English at Harvard University and I have a MBA in Markets of the Whole Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for companies of the "Furing 500,000 list between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burkette and The Washington Poster.
I carry almost 20 years married with my second husband, and we have three children.
My dog is a black worker and a dinosaur meditation Minister Obama.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races, all the religions, all the levels of resignation and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
Over 85 percent of the malaria are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, interesting and long duration or saying otherwise in families, the last place where we want or we would expect violence, which is why, the domestic abuse turns out so disaster.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would leave with a man who was pushing him, and in fact, I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, the women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other age, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples and children and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim, because I knew nothing about domestic violence, your warning signals or your patterns.
I met Congress in a cold and rainy night of January.
I was sitting next to my side in the New York subway and started flowing with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he had just turned out from a University of the IV Lego and working in a very important bank by Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first meeting was that it was ready and fun, and that seemed like a kid in the field.
He had a few big molecules like apple, and a heroic block of wheat, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that India did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it all the way by putting in a pedestrian.
We started out and loved everything from me, which was ready, that I had gone to Harvard -- that I put passion in helping teenage girls, and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congress believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And it was why the license in that school and the work at Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to set up and hack the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner and so I accepted my work and Congress and I went together from Manhattan together.
I had no idea that I was falling in a lock look, which was entering the head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she does it.
And this is where they go into scene those lists.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where Congress had to feel so secure was bought three little bulbs.
One was in the car distance.
Another woman kept under the pillow in our bed, and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that he needed those listeners because of the trauma that lived from small.
I needed them to feel secure.
But those little lists were actually a message for me, and although I had never raised my hand, my life was already in deep danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congress happened five days before our wedding.
They were seven in the morning, and I still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 mortalities of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's board suit, and I married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happily forever, because I loved him and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very recorded.
It simply felt very advanced by the wedding and the fact to form a family with me.
It had been an isolated accident, and I would never get hurt.
I spent twice more in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I reduced several times against the car screen.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our moon of honey -- was able to be able by traffic, and I threw a Big Mac cold on the face.
I went on for a week or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women is a victim of domestic violence or acceleration at some point of their life, and the Center of Control Denisators that every year 15 million children are badly, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
I'll go back to my question: Why am I going to go?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deep metal man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congress face their demons.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just get married?
Why didn't I go? I could be at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- is incredibly dangerous to abandon a malaria.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is killing it.
More than 70 percent of the attacks in cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has put the relationship to the relationship, after they died, because then the audience has nothing to lose.
Other representations include the permanent act, even after the audience has gone back to married, decision-making resource decommosory, and manipulation of the judicial justice system to telling the victim and their children, who normally are forced by the judges to spend the man who was paying their mother.
And yet we kept asking why isn't it just going?
I was able to go, because of one last request that I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody, to the police, to my neighbor, to my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because everyone helped me.
We have the tendency to structure victims as specialized headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why does it go?
For some people is a way to say, "The blame is their stopping -- as if the victims are going to be interesting in love with men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "Come Love Love -- I've heard hundreds of stories of stories of men and women who also screamed -- who learned an unexpected lesson of what happened and reduced their lives and lives and happy lives as employees, wives and mothers, completely free violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I'm actually a victim and a survival of very typical domestic violence.
I went back to marry a terrifying and nice man and we have those three children.
I have that black worker and also that minister.
What I'm not going to do to have ever more, never, is a called cardiac list pointing out my head in somebody who says I want.
Right now, as you are thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating, or "Hall, what it was, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, the ones that are listening to me right now, that they're being badly badly or being small or adults themselves.
The male could be affecting his daughter to his sister to his best friend right now.
I was able to put my crazy love to my crazy love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
They talked about what you've heard here.
Abusive abuse only is in silence.
They have the power to end domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
Victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Take the ball to the light talking about it with your children, your job partners.
Replace their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to slow their scale and show the victims a safe satisfaction.
Together, we can turn our stages, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful offices that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. I call it Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years now.
And I feel that right now, there's an uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed like this.  Fortunately, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first cloth shift on a TED stage, so you're very lucky to present it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when I came up, you don't have to tell me now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These tactics are very uncompromise, less I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to pass this surface through your head, because it's when you're going to laugh at me, so you don't do anything while I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've completely changed what they thought about in six seconds.
And in this picture, I never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that he would embrace the back, and he would pull the hair out of the child.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial broadcaster like the one I did two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our appearance, which, even though surface and unbelievable, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, for me, being worth means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do me, but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how does it become model?
And I always say, a hands discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made me model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a hero, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry -- which we are biologically programmed to admire -- we've also associated it to a high figure, to the feminist and to a white skin.
And that's my heritage -- the heritage that I've learned to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience that now shows specific, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that say -- waiting -- there are Nambiter, Tamid, Joan Silicons, Lin Web.
First of all, happy to know so much of models. It's amazing.
But I unfortunately have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and every single model in the past, and of the 67 models hired -- only 27 percent, they were not white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Can you be model when it's greater?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know about that.
But then, what really would tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a native national surgeon and poetry, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If you look after this spectacular list, you still insist -- No, no, Cambridge, I want to be a model, then I say, I know my heart.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the reduction head of the American Vocate magazine or the HIV executive director or the next Steven Mexico.
To say that more you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work that you can choose.
I'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike cardiac surgery, it can be summed right now.
I don't know what happened there.
So unfortunately, once you've got your studies, and you have a curve and a few jobs on your back, no matter what you say, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your culture said, model of interior in 10 years, people would look weird to you.
The next question that people always ask me is if all pictures are recorded.
And yes, virtually all the photos, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a biomass, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
So I went along with my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a paradigm party a few days before the pictures for the French Vocate.
Here I am with my football team and the magazine V.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They are creations of a group of professionals, peacefully, machines, photographers and statistics, and all of their helps and the people of pressure and position, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too many 20-year-old takes and I never use, except the previous pair -- but the privilege I get are the ones that I get in real life, and what we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and forget about bringing money, and I was given the free free.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a big driver, and a red set of setting out, and of course, we were standing in, and I was able to feel it, agent to be able to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege by my aspect -- not why I am -- and there are people who are paying a price for their appearance, no matter who they are.
I live in New York City, and last year from the 140,000 teenagers who were stopped and recorded 86 percent were black and latic, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177,000 black young and Latino young in New York, so for them, not a question of the management?
What about how many times would I get to you? And how?
By researching for this talk, I learned that at 53 percent of the girls in 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that figure is exposed to 78 percent at 17.
So, the last question that people ask me is: How is life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit more delivered, and you have the most brilliant hair, you will feel very happy and straightforward.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like.
We said, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative people, ingenuity and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will be happier.
They just have to gather with a group of models, because they have the most delivered legs, the most brilliant hair and the clothes, but probably be the most physically insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of race and gender operation when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something to get out of this talk, I hope everyone feels more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have of success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was the biggest enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious photos, and I didn't go to me who took them.
There were no artistic directors, no studies, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimal care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took them superconductors at random.
My story starts when, focusing in New York City to give a present, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday. That's the 57 and five century.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you to Sandwich to New York on a father trip and you keep the ritual?
This is when we started asking the turnings that were going to take us the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has been denied and fortunately, no one has ever been done with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representatives of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They are also a way to stop the time in a week of October and to think about our time and our evolution over the years, and not just at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter has new historians, and I can see life through his eyes and how perceived and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking, when suddenly he got in dry and pointed out a red tone of the barrels of the burden of little back to previous visits.
And it described me what had felt at five years old at that same place.
I realized that he remembered his heart palm with force when he was seeing that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And all of a sudden I understood that one of the most important things that we created is memories.
So, I want to share the idea of engaging in conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't go in many of the family photos.
I'm always the one who gets the picture.
So today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't have to get closer to someone and ask them to ask you a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
But the battle is in the most threat group of birds.
First of all, why do they have so bad pressure?
It also has been associated with Dissender laughter as medical characters, dumb characters, students.
More recently, if you've been following the pink Kenyan press, applause and striking these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parkinson: But I don't accept it.
I don't accept. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment.  Paradise doesn't help prevent the spread of disease.
And they're disaster.   They are far from extinct.  And, my favorite, the battles have better pressure.   There are two types of battles on this planet.
There's the balls of the New World who are mostly found in America, like the companies and the corrections and the bit of the old World Burnis, where we have 16 species -- of these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the battles important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services. Liberia.
They're our natural garbage collections.
They clean the cards up to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria -- they help absorb the street that not for them to expand and cause large losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no battery, the cards take three to four times more time in discovering, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of diseases.
The battles also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated to the ancient Egyptian culture.
New was the symbol of the protective and the material, and along with the company, they showed the unit between the Allegal and the Bottom Egypt.
In the Hindu microbe, Japan was the god based, and risked his life to save the Second Random devil of the 10 heads Rando.
In shark culture, some very important entrepreneurs in the open sky -- in places like the Toro, there is no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these battles provide a natural disposal system.
What's the problem with burning?
We have eight species of battle in Kenya, which six are in extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being avoided, and the reason they are being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and favorite -- the local communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the battles are victims of this.
In Southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of battles are on the critical list of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall out of the livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like the Dickier.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a position.
Since there are no battle, there's been a spread in the number of dragonflies in the network of cards, and when you have dogs -- you have a huge bomb of time for radio. The number of radio cases have increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest electric parks in Africa, 350 arranged arrangements are going to be above the Turkey lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them through half.
They're bird transitions.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible business of dead battles to serve the branch and the philosophers market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We are putting transmitters.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so focus on a problem that is locally not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments on regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We are talking to them about representing the battles, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide.
How can you help get active, make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very incredible creatures, donating their time to spread the word.
When you go out of this room, you will report about the battles, but you talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the battles.
They are very elegant -- Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort, without energy spending in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally, my life has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1971 to 1779. Little girl, but I'm not --  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Costa and Somalia -- in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project that we set up in Africa failed.
And I was preserved.
I thought, at 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we do it in we disconcelled it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book -- "In the "World Wild: was a project where some Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So we came with signals of Italian seeds to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends to the Zambian River, and teach local tools to grow Italian tomatoes and captured tools.
Of course, people were not at all.
However, instead of asking how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we simply said, "Thank God that we are here:  Just in time to save the people from Zambian from hard."
And of course, everything in Africa was criticized beautifully.
We got these magnificent taxins. In Italy, a tomato would grow to this size. In Zambia, to this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the tanks, "Look how easy agriculture.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, marketing and red, at night in the morning, about 200 hostile shower came from the river and they ate everything.  And we said to the gangs, "Oh my God, we have them."
And the washing sandwiches said, "Yeah, that's why we don't have agriculture here:  "Why don't they say? You never ask it."
I thought that we Italians we ate errors in Africa, but then I saw what the American did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hostile.
You should see the waste.  You should see the waste that we gave to the confident people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Australia More, from Damatis Moore, of David Economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors -- we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I won't tell you about the harm that that money has caused that money.
Just read your book.
Land from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are improvisations, fellow collegers, and we treat people just in two ways or pathogens, or we're paralyzed.
The two words come from the Latin root path, which means "Dad."
However, they mean two different things.
Participation, I try any of a different culture like my children, "I want you a lot."
Pattern, I try all of a different culture as if they were my services.
That's why white in Africa are called Baby?
That book gave me a slap on the face -- the little thing is beautiful, written by Schulannel, who said for about all economic development, if people don't want to be helped -- sleeps alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a base on the ground and said, "Can you imagine a city that's not neurological?
I decided at 27 years old, I just respond to people, and I invented a system called Company Facebook where you never start anything, you ever motivate anyone, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's stream.
He never gets to a community with an idea, and he sits with the people of the local.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee cafe -- we met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figured out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give it an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge, because no one in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years ago, I had this idea: Why not we, for once instead of coming to a community to tell people what to do, why not for once, we hear them? But not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs are never associated, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, which opportunity has identified it.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know, because they don't take their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face -- you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You should create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the family of the business of the business, who set up with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and helping you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in Specialist, Western Australia.
I was making a Ph.D. in that time, trying to get away from this spiritual garbage where we got to tell you what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects in march, and the government came to me to ask, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I did something very, very hard.
And so the government says, "I have "God.  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 business.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of sunlight.
Peter Drug, one of the greatest business seasons in history, passed at 1960, a few years ago.
Peter Drug was a philosophy professor before I got involved in business, and this is what Peter Drug says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy."
planning is the kiss of the death of the corporate spirit.
So now you are rebuilding Christian without knowing what the smartest people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up to conversation with you.
You have to offer food, privacy -- it has to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will be able to get in a mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we get 200 customers.
Can you imagine a 40-year-old community, intelligence and passion?
Which presentation have you apply more this tomorrow?
Leading local people. That's what you have applied.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution -- no magnitude, manufacturing, and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The train as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we have to consider, is how we nutried, we cut, educating us, transported, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent the technology for Green revolution? University, forget.
The government? Forget it?
It'll be the entrepreneurs and they are doing it now.
There's an adorable story that was in a future magazine a many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1860.
And in the year 1860, this group of people gathered -- and they speculate about what happened to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was uniform, the city of New York would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve, and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to bring the population of New York to the areas, would require six million horses.
They were already being aggregated in scanning.  So in 1860, they were splitting this dirty technology that would destroy New York City.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States appeared 100 autonomous magnetic companies.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few states, standards, factories in the past places.
Deanus, Michanan. Henry Ford Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer your food.
Otherwise, they will not come to conversation with you.
Then, you have to offer an absolute absolute, dedicated service service.
And finally, you will have to tell you the truth with respect to experiment.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic. You have to talk to a fantastic commercial, and you have to talk to a fantastic financial administration, you know.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This hasn't been born yet.
We've been researching and looking at the 100 commercial companies of the Carnegie world, Weiks, Edinburgh, Ford all the new companies, Google, Han.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: No one was started by one person.
Never the word "I me? But the word "We "all? 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have factors, who come from an environment of little businesses sitting in coffee cards, in bars alongside their dedicated to their dedicated people who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who speaks to this expert -- somebody who asks you what you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that, "I want you to look for somebody else?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
Over the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like automobiles, plans and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share our hope to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give shadows to lovers and brands and southerns for centuries and composer in a city.
And there's a deploy in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the most amazing number of property properties.
I live near this house and I thought I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan like a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a profound gratitude for the time that I lived in.
I gave it clarity to the meaningful things of my life today.
But I try to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to leave for the day and forget what really important for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house in a giant piece and painted on her phrases to complete -- "Before I die I want to die.
So the tools could take a ticket, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment but the next day the wall was full and kept covering covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die, I want to be judged by price?  Before I die, I want to sit in the head of date change?
Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die, I want to plant a tree."
Before I die, I want to live outside the network."
Before I die, I want to give you a more."
Before I die, I want to go to somebody else's rescue."
Before I die, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hope of people made me laugh at careers, and they disappeared, and they gave me a little bit of them in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and stage ways -- it's about giving heart to reflection and contemplation, and remembering what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year and started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
And so with my colleagues in the civic center we did a kitchen and have now been done in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we show the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distraction, it's more important than ever, to find ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is brief and delivered.
Death is something we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
Think about the climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters us as individuals and as community and more media to share hope, fear and stories, people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Redwood is 22 years old, it's high and very wealth.
It doesn't talk, but it transmitted joy better than some of the best orbits.
Redwood knows what love.
And I share it inconsistent by discovering what happens.
It's not advanced. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about the religious differences and look at this -- never lied.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to make words that I couldn't even remind myself, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown thing.
Sam is 16 years old. It's high. It's very gravity.
It gets the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year I came up with every song of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, and I stood in my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the birthday of Lady Gaga.
Doesn't you look amazing?
But most people disagree with me.
And in fact, because their minds don't fit into the notion of normal society, often they are ignored.
But what drove my heart and streams my soul was that even if that was the case, although they didn't consider them within the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing, which was extraordinary and autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those least familiar with the term autism, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In every individual individual is manifest in a different way, that Rememp is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the development disorders that increase in the world, there's no cause of any known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new self in my life.
When I spent a few months, I realized he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play as other babies, and in fact, it didn't look very interested in me at all.
She was living and gathered in his own world, with her own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting cars in row around the room, looking at the washing and eating anything there was between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evidence.
But beyond the branches, the frustration and the intentional hypercompution, there was something really unique. A pure and innocent nature -- a kid who saw the world without properties, a human being that there was never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some hard moments in my family, moments where I wish they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individual, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that I wouldn't want to change for normal.
The normal is going to be the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact that it doesn't mean that some of them are wrong.
It only means there's a different vision of what is right.
If I could transmit one thing to Readi and Sam and you, it would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences that we have. They're a donor. Each one of us has a gift in their interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normality.
The opportunity for greater, progress and change die at the moment we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what has been to be Alice in the Markets of the Markets.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
He was frightened.  A real state -- scared of these students with their big minds, their big books and their great words and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations -- I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell through the hole of the corner and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with students, and I was surprised the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our larger challenges, from energy to environment and care care to each other, and if we don't know, we don't understand this, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers -- please, hunger with simplicity.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First questions to answer it, and then what?
So what science is relevant to us.
Don't tell us simply that they study the trials, but they study the trials, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the opportunities.
And when they're describing their science, careful with the syringe.
Right is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say "particle and temporal? But why don't I say space and time, which is much more accessible to us?
You make them accessible is not the same thing you get tone.
Instead, as Einstein said, everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise ideas.
One thing to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- are ways of getting out and excited with their content.
And when you introduce your work, forget about the signals of "ball?
You have wondered why they call "baby?  What do the bullet do? The bullet kills and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the area of the language of our brain and opening us.
Instead, this example of example from General Brown is much more effective -- shows that the special structure of the trials is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower of the East.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence -- religious, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then then provide graphs that apply to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what is described.
I think these are just some key ones that can help others open the door and look at the country of wonders that is science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers and engineers and engineers -- when you've solved this equation, for all the media, you have simplified.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words across the Dican English dictionary is "society."
Just because it sounds very good.
And "South "Society, it means "postering.
Though there was a periodic editor of the 19th century who defined it much better when he said, "A soldiers is the one that seeks a public charge without matter to participation, platform or principle, and that, when you win, you get it by the sea use of a mental verbal verb?
I have no idea what it means respect.
Something about words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until for example, for example, 1771 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary chamber.
And all of this was because of the valley of a guy with the name of Brad Crossified, who was faced to the Parliament participation.
They took him on the London Tower and they were graduating him, but he had enough wind to face them, and at the end he had such popular support in London who won.
And just a few years later, we had the first registered use of the phrase that we had the method of the method.
Most of you think it's literally.
It's not. It's because of a defense of freedom of expression.
But to show you really how words and politics interact -- I want you to go back to America, right after the independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a representative country?
This was deployed in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions that might have fragile.
Some of you wanted to call it "Worldchanging State "Jesus, and others, "The Allego George Washington."
Not very attractive.
Some just wanted to call it "Reef."
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And not even with it, they were monolishing, they had the idea that you could be elected by King for a certain term.
And it might have served it.
Everybody was tired of it, because this debate was progressed for three weeks.
I read a poor sensor, and I always wrote, "It's still with this topic."
What caused the bar and the thing was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to be able to power.
They didn't want to call it King for whether he gave him or his survey ideas.
So, they wanted to give you the most modest degree, more incredible and more statement that came to them.
And that title was "President."
President. They didn't invent the title -- because it only meant somebody who owns a meeting."
It was like the president of a subsequent.
And I didn't have much more grandmother than the term "approacher, or supermarket.
There were evolutionary presidents of small colonial advertising and government fractions, but it was really an insignificant title.
And that's why the Senate is opposed.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call them President."
"This guy has to be treated and gather with foreign diagrams.
"And who will take a serious title with a time as ridiculous and integration as President of the United?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't know.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never refered the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to go there, waiting for the Senate to be active.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  --  -- possible to be waiting for 232 years more.
But the third thing that we can learn -- and this is the most important thing, and this is what I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President of President doesn't sound at all.
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear head to deploy, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of air vehicles and so on.
The reality and history have dropped the graduate title of gravity.
So at the end of the Senator.
They got their responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the self-replication appearance -- well, it was a simplicity for then.
But do you know how many nations you have now?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear head, etc.
So at the end of the Senator won and the House of Republicans lost because no one is going to feel humble when you tell them that they're now the President of America.
And I think that's the big lesson that we can learn with, and what I'd like to leave with.
The politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, the reality of the capability is a lot more the words than what these could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 feet under land in a illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of supermarket bodies in the darkness, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but especially that check of male tax and stones with primitive tools.
Like each other, I carry a cheap light cheap light on the head with this living electricity, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole of a meter that takes hundreds of feet on Earth.
I were released by my hand, and I suddenly remember a mine that I met days earlier, who lost the control and fell invisible feet into that point.
While I talk to you today, these men are deep in that hole risking their lives without paying and recovery, and often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are proof of slavery.
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the Vancouver Peace Civill.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a "receiving of Free the Southerness, an NGO that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world but not to such a degree.
When we ended up talking to myself, I felt very bad -- honestly, I was ashamed to ignore this activity of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He made me a sub-Saharan stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the CEO of Free the Southerns and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these sites.
To some, even I was considered my second home.
But this time, the dirty trains would win.
A conservative calculation says that there's currently more than 27 million people in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced during all of the transplant slave training.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today.
However, today, you can enslave entire families per generation by set of 18 dollars.
Sort of surprising, slavery generates profits of more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been pushed with false promises of good education and better work to then discover that they are forced to work without pay, under violence threat, and they cannot escape.
Today slavery operates in the trade, the goods produced by slaves have value, but who produced them are described.
slavery exists in almost everyone and yet, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick horses.
This weird and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the Daniel of Dan.
Imaging in a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped into a slime stone stone -- they stack mechanically bricks in their head, up to 18 at a time, and take them from the arrested hormones to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
They were denied by the monoton and the swamp work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There was no passengers to eat, or to drink, and the sea standard would make it originally intrigued.
So performing was the heat and dust that my camera became too hot, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to keep it, and sitting there, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the autism who was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Life, you don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I was very clearly explained to show emotion is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already gone.
I had to rely on Free the Southerns and work inside the system for his liberation and trust that they would get it.
In terms of me, wait to get home to feel my heart destroyed.
In the Himalayas, I found children throwing rocks for miles from mountain terrain to the trucks to the trucks that were waiting down.
Those big plans were more heavy than the children who were heating them, and kids hold them into their heads with careers made of pains, ropes and harmony.
It's hard to present something so absorbed.
How can we influence something so inefficient, but so unintended?
Some of them don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying -- because this has been that whole life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages were recovering their freedom, the slaves were often burnt their homes.
When we hear the word slavery we often think of sexual traffic and because of this global awareness advised me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katrina, I was accompanied women who had previously been serviced service.
I was driven by some of the analytical stairs that gave this dirty, sliced light.
It wasn't exactly a brand.
It was rather a restaurant.
Restriction, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms where the slaves of women with their girls and children, some of the only seven years old, are forced to train the clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and dirty, identified by a painted number on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
The workers often suffer sexually abused by their customers.
In the pandemic, I remember having felt an open-source fear and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that infection.
I only had a room, the stairs where I walked in.
There were no dropping doors.
There was no long enough big enough to surround.
These people don't have a scanner, and since we touch a topic that is so difficult, it's important to point out that slavery -- even sexual trafficking.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often relate to the slave workforce.
I visited Indian villages where there were whole families enslaved in the trade trade.
This is a family portraits.
The black hands of black are the father, the blue tears and the red.
They mix toxins in these big barrels, and they dip the silk in the liquid to the edges, but the textile is toxic.
My introduction told me her stories.
We don't have a freedom?
"We still hope -- yet you can get out of this house some day and go to another place where we really pay our job."
There are more than 4,000 slaves in the Vold lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we got there, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a ship, two older siblings, some younger kids, makes sense right?
Error. They were all slavery.
Kids are separated from their trial families, described and forced to work wearing extra garages in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat came up to the boat was shelter, it feared that his little canoe was submarine.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The radiation rationalization of the submarine trees in Lake Volden often catching networks and children, private and afraid -- they break into the water to deploy the branches.
Many people are striping.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear their love is not going to flee and like the whole life has been treated with crocodile, a crowd is crossing the youngest slaves under their sea.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they were lifted up the latest networks, but they had been working from the one from the one.
I was in the night and very windy night.
And it causes that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kokin.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter where "Free the Sundays reflected to the victims of slavery.
Kokina symbolizes the possible.
Who will become because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
I drove for a road in Ghana with partners from Free the Southerness, an anti-neuroscience fellow with his motor suddenly accelerating and supering our car and touched the window.
He asked us to follow it for a land road to the jungle.
At the end of the way, he went out of the car, and he asked the driver to go fast.
And then I pointed out this sense barely visible and said, "This is the way, this is the way. Come on!
As we started down, we took the education of the walls that blocked the path and after walking around an hour we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put pictures of pictures on my head as we got rid of these waters to the chest.
After two hours of training, the single road ended up in a clear, and we had a hole of holes that could fit in a football field, and everybody was full of slavery workers.
Many women had children strapped to their backs, and while they looked for gold water, they walked in the waters that were reviewed with mericism.
The market is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a pound in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pound, they were packed in their own subject.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irritating, since many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people load heavy bags of stone that then will be transported to another area where they record the stone to be able to extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong men and video men, but if we look closer, the margin we see to work to other less lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ended up like this victim of tuberculosis and the trading of the medicine in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When he died his father he took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, Manhattan inherit the debt of the uncle to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the 14-year-old and the lion injury of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said that it should be automatically.
In addition to that, Manhand has tuberculosis, and it's not quite absolutely forced to work night and day in that mine.
Still, he dream about being released and educated with help of local activists like Free the Southerns, and it's this kind of determination, in face to a remote possibility, which inspired me a lot of respect to me.
I want to throw light on slavery on slavery.
They knew their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will have testimony of them and we will do everything that is possible to help change their lives.
I just believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery scanner.
These images are not about magazines -- these are people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights and dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think about these so many beautiful people, badly, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images will wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is a fire and that that fire brings light on slavery because without that light, the business of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I make math applied, and there's a peculiar problem for who do it -- we're like management consumption.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So I'm going to try to explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They give us the virtual virtual virtuality and the claps that we will see later.
But the ball demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial attention that might well have a genetic component.
Sadly, the neurological disorders like Parkinson's bad destroy this extraordinary ability, as I do with my friend Jon Studget who, at his time, was a ball barrel of ballet ball.
Over the last few years has been made a lot of progress in treatment.
However, there are six million people in the world who are sick and they have to deal with an incredible debitable, temperatures, right and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately, the only way we're going to know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and certain metastay.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement aren't biological markers -- so they don't serve blood analysis, and the best we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside the clinical trials, you never do it. Never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a digital journey to the clinic -- what if patients could make the exam themselves.
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as a non-lethal way to try it, you see, in a certain sense at least, we're all virtuous like my friend Jon Studentopu.
This is a video of the vocal strings virus.
It shows someone healthy as it makes sounds like talking about sounds, we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ball because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and all of us have the necessary genes -- the Food, for example.
And as the ball requires an extraordinary level of training.
Let's think about the time it takes a kid to learn to speak.
From sound, we can trace the position of vocal cords as they vibrate and as the Parkinson's affected the extraordinary, also affecting vocal organs.
On the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of release from the vocal ropes.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice, social and right.
The speech becomes more quiet and settled after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with the specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are non-zero-sum.
The neurological test is not invasional. Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are precise. Well, but also the existence of voice is not specialized.
I mean, they can be stuck.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They are minimum and we all know what happens.
When something makes a cost so low, it appears to massive scale.
These are some amazing goals.
We can reduce the local difficulties of patients.
It would not make it to the clinic for the routine check.
With high frequency monitoring we could get objective data.
We could make massive recording of low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, fascinating checks on the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomass of disease before it's too late.
So by giving today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parking Volant Institution of the Parkinson.
Together to Action and Pakistan, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to gather enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone with Parkinson, with Parkinson, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So May, taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, you can say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What will you get out of these shows?
Max Little Mitchell: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease.
MA: You see, some people can not pass it. You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances and do it in different circumstances that are important because we're looking at limitation factors in search of the real markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MA: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Thailas, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone network too, which is able to play the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: Never and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MA: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little, public.
MA: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, he made photographic retrospects in New York City.
We are powerful creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the models that are still more disappeared, the perfect skin, even more perfect -- we do the impossible, and they criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste by the images and the photograph.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Little time later, an organization where it was volunteer, there Hans Voladies, was in the place working as a part of the response team.
I, with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
The 13 of May, I traveled to Oliver.
It's a little town of fishermen located in the infinity of Topidation of almost 50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the waves.
The link of water registered over 24 feet tall, and over three kilometers inland inside.
As you can imagine, the village was developed.
We took schools from the channels and the sheets.
We cleaned up schools -- we took the side and left the houses to be revolutionarly and replaced.
We took tons and tons of dead fish, and superconductor, the power of local factory.
We supported and loved it.
For weeks, both the volunteers like the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of pictures and cameras and SETI cards.
They all did the same thing.
They pick them up and bring them to different places of the villages around to guard them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffered.
While they were fleeing the wave, and to save their lives, they had to absolutely leave everything they had.
At the end of my first week I started helping in a village assessment center.
I helped clean the communal toilets, the huge banks, giant bands.
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the evidence center picked up the photos.
They took them and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizons, but it wasn't even transferring myself my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the photos, I found some that had over a hundred years -- some were still in the lab on the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking as a report how to fix that ratio and repair that race and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came into Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started to rest the photos.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too stuck, but where the water had decoded the face of the girl had to fix a lot of precision and delivery.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the strange picture.
Over time, they came for a lot more photos, and they got more records and they needed to go into Facebook and Linux and five days later, 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
Within two weeks, I had 150 people willing to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Richard, a neighboring town north of Adam.
Once a week we used our scanner in temporary photographic libraries that had stuck, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time you took to train them is a different story, it depends on the desperation of the photos.
It could involve an hour. It could involve weeks.
It could involve months.
This mile had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water had no destroyed.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged into salary water, covered by bacteria, with algae -- even actually an oil -- all of them together with the time of time continues to destroy them, so to clean it by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't rest the photo unless it was clean, dry and had been received by his owner of it.
We were lucky with clean clean.
We count with the guide of an amazing neighbor.
It's very easy to harm the pictures as well.
As Westerner, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was kind of in relationship to photos.
He started to wipe it out of it, but he stopped by realizing that he gave them even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face wouldn't have been able to rebuild the images in one photo and collect the full picture.
When I picked up their pictures I shared something about his story with us.
A few colleagues from his husband found the pictures in a bomb station between the very far rubble from where their house would be, but their colleagues recognized it.
On the day of the tsunami, his husband was the train of closing the barriers into the wave.
It had to go inside the water while the servers were smiling.
Their little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took a week to find his whole family and know that everyone had survived.
The day he handed his pictures his younger son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do it, something that he could go back to look, something that could remember from the past that he wouldn't have been beaten by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined the Hans Hans hundreds of them helped us clean hands over 130,000 pictures -- the vast majority of the majority -- the vast majority of their owners went back to hands.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 families of potentially restricted pictures and recorded.
Over this time, we don't really spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We took pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody loved it.
They are guidelines of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take but the first thing we would take to look for.
So about this was the project, to restore little pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this is coming back to somebody, it is a huge difference in the life of the person that receives it.
This project also made a huge difference in the life of the records.
Some of them connected to some of them with something bigger, to go back to something, using their talent for something that doesn't have perfect skin.
So to conclude, I'd like to read this email email -- I sent him City the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I recorded, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One particular picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, gathered around a baby, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter was born, hangs of our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  Apples.
Doctor Edwards inspired us awe and curious with this picture of a bullet that would go through an apple in an exhibition of just a million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present a new kind of photograph -- the photographer, a new technique that can create videos in slow cameras of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the chickens, beyond the vision line, or see the interior of the body without using X-ray and really challenging the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer and you can see it and turn it up in a second second, or it is, in various features to create a photo package of a miles of anticipation.
And that package of photos, that ball, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and shoot on this bottle, how do those pictures look inside this bottle.
What's the aspect of light in slow camera?
Now, all of this.   Remember, all of this happens effectively in less than a name is what it takes to travel light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion.
Coca-Cola doesn't apply this research.  And so a lot of things happen in this movie -- to develop this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our ball, comes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through and that, in the beginning of discovering.
Part of the light stands up, goes to the table, and we started seeing these industrialization.
Many pictures finally get to the house and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
In that time, waves travel on the table, and because of the replacements of the top you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that the reflection is focused on.
Now, if we take a common and current ball and make it turn the same distance and see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think would take us to sit in that film?
A day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring movie --  -- a slime ball in motion.
And how about testing with death nature?
You can see the waves that were spread from the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, I thought, from a feather at a time, but of course, our eyes see an intellectual composition at all.
But if you look at this shot, you realize that, as the light is supported from the topic, it's still brilliant.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and light books inside its interior, and it comes back after several trillion billions.
In the future, when this female is in your cell phone, you're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT for?
As photographers -- you know, if we take a picture at low exposure, it enters very little light.
But we're going to be a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so it will just go into some light.
We sent that ball, that picture of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very static synthetic, we took those gigabytes of data and we put them together completely to create those memories that I showed you.
We can take all those data data and process them in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a super-sum future would allow him to see after the chickens?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door -- to report, to enter the room, a part of it is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light books.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our female.
Behind the wall there is a management and we will represent light on the door.
After the publication of our article in National Commitments.
And a small fraction of photons will go back to the camera but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works so quickly, our memory has unique capacity.
It has very good temporary resolution and can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser, you can record a photo in gross -- which, you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But let's take a lot of images like that, dozens of images, we will go and try to analyze the multiple light books, and with that, we can see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our record.
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what is around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build burning to see the inside of the body by holding economists, and the same for the cardiovascular cards.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is quite difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists to start thinking about memory as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation in the next generation.
Just as Doctor Edwards, he himself a scientist, turned science in art, an art of united photographs.
And I realized that all of the gifts of data that we collect every time they're not just for scientific visualization, but we can be able to.
Create a new form of computational photograph with slow cameras and color code.
And look at those waves. Remember, the time between each one of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But this is also a funny thing.
If you look at the waves under the shoe, these are coming away from us.
waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects.
The order in which the events occur in the world sometimes appears to invest in the camera.
Applying the corresponding performance of space and time, we can run this distortion to this.
It's time. Thank you.
Hello. This is my cell phone.
A cell phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone you can record a song, put it to South and make it famous.
All of this is possible with a cell phone.
I'm a boy of 1984 and I live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were trying to look for a change.
This is the 1989 state -- imagine if all these people gathered that they protect for a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who from the present have a cell phone here?
Check them.
Raise your cell phone, hold them.
Let them. A Andrew -- a Blackbull, worm."
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a cell phone.
But today I'm talking about me, my cell phone, and how I changed my life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
Data in brutality.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Committee presented a director.
The Direction of Data Detail.
This director says that every European telephone company, every Internet provide all over Europe, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email.
Who sends him a text.
And if we use the cell phone, where we are.
All this information was stored by at least six months, and even two years old, in his phone company or his Internet provide.
And all over Europe people were planted and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data retina.
We want the self-replication in the digital age, and we don't want telephone providers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Library, no fear."
And some of them even said that this would be the State 2.0.
The State was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also asked if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Any time I use the mobile?
So I asked my phone, Desratal Telecom, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, which please send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete response. It was all blah blah black.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're providing my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Desrate Telecom said, no, we'll not give you this information.
At the end we signed an agreement.
I would take the demand and they send me the information that I wanted.
Meanwhile, the German Consent Germany failed the inconsistency for the German law of the U.K.
So I got this ugly bird with a CD inside.
And at the PC there was this.
Thirty and five thousand eight little lines of information.
I first saw them and said, well, it's a huge archive. Okay.
But after a while, I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical. What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I step on the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data sensor means.
So next to Keith Olive and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom around and go back, go back and forward.
You can see every step I do.
And you can see how I go from Florida in train to Colonian, and how often I call in the journey.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not only about me.
But of all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talked a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends, and they call them between them.
And then you call the other, and the other one to each other, and we ended up with this big network of communications that we end up with.
You can see how people communicate each other to what time they call each other, how time they sleep.
You can see all of this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who speaks to who, who sends an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information was stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who was involved in this process, and if the State had known who the leaders were, this had never happened.
The Berlin Wall, maybe never happened.
And in consequence, the earth of the Kire Curiosity.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible inside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But self-replication and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for the self-replication.
You have to fight that every day.
When you go home, give your friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not happened in fashion.
When you go home, give them their representation that only because companies and state agencies can store certain information, don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your cell phones to remember that you have to fight the self-replication in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDTalks, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDTalks, what happens?
I call me Massach Zaptain, and I'm not a Drana, but the doctor I brought to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, apart the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, that's why all the time.
Look at it.
It's a publisher. I'm like a Shakespeare mix.
and Muhammad And ...
The P, C. C. It's not genetics.
It's not connection and it can be contributed.
No one saved my mother's uterus, and I don't have the contract because my parents were brothers -- even though they are.
Just by accidents, like the one that happened to me at birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration, and I don't want any of the present people.
It feels bad for me, because at some point of life, they have wanted to be disappeared.
Let's go from walk.
They are at the mall of Christmas, they are in the mall. They drive in circles for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disasters.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little disablance?
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P, C is just one of them.
If there was a flat of opportunity, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and live in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Chaper, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood, and my disease had the same beginnings.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain palsy, don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "report."
The mantra of my father was, "You can have -- "The Dance Canopy.
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents would give the school system, and they would make sure that I was also out of it, and if we didn't get all the maximum notes, we all got my mother's shoe.
My father taught me to walk in the age of five and put my talents on his feet, and just walking.
Another technique that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to pursue it.
The stratching street that I carry inside was very strong.
Yes. The first day in the kindergarten garden. I walked like a book champion that has received a lot of police.
Growing up, there was only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family.
There are now 20 Arabics, and they remain all of the family --  I think no one realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians thought to use "Operation as a campaign cell.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to be a lot of worry about that dying from hunger during the range.
I told them that he had enough fat to live three other months without eating, so to help the dawn at dawn is very easy.
It danced in Brooklyn.
Yes, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with taxes, and I can walk with taxes.
I am from New Jersey, and we want to be a kid, so if my friends were using taxes, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I was not going to go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we don't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Madagascar.
In the summer vacation often my father was trying to send me, so I drank the sea milk -- I would put hot heat straight on the back, I was immersed at the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Well, it works work."
But the miracle cure was the golf.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before doing yoga was a scanning set of scanning, I couldn't stand up -- [unclear] ...
And now I can stay on your head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything else, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be on General Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the USA, University of the state of Arizona.
It was like the malleton of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, the maximum note in my classroom, and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene from the glass zoo my teachers were crying.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the U.S. decided to do a work called Daniel very slow in Jackson.
It's a work of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I started screaming in the four winds -- "I finally have a paper."
I have brain paralysis?
At the end of free." At the end of the free."
Thank God about it -- I am a free.
I didn't get the paper.  They gave him to Sherm Brown.
I went to increase running the theater department of theater, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask me why, and she told me that because they thought I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk scenes.
It was a role for the one who literally was born, and they gave it to an actress without brain paralysis.
University was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a side story of adding actors without disability for disaster papers.
By graduation, I went home, and my first accidental tour was like a strange on a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew it would be slowly stuck, to better friend of me in a sanitation.
Instead, I was there as a drone, and I was not seeing more than the nuclear, and it was obvious to me that the reporter directors were not hiring attacking attractions, not white attentions, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up seeing White Golden, Rosadopphin Barbart, Elland, and all these women had one thing in common: they were commercial.
So I became humility.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first comics that I took when I fell up in the real speed of the New Jersey, with a driver that had brain paralysis.
I worked in clubs around the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censor and without value.
Some people say I'm the first monolith of the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know they never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says women are not fun, and they find us very funny.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the Anness Committee Festival in New York -- now in her 10.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in media and at a time to remind the reporter directors that South and Arab are not sitting.
It was much easier than fighting against the challenge of the distinction of the disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the news program by cable Republic behind Keith Olympic.
I walked up as if I went to a graduation dance, I was dragged to a study and sat in a wheelchair chair.
I looked at the director and said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?
She looked at me and said, "Yeah, four, three, two, two.
And we were live.
So I grabbed to the desk of the speaker to not go out of the screen during the sector, and when I finished the interview, I was played.
At the end I had my opportunity and depressing her, I knew they didn't get invited again.
But not only Mr. Orlinon came back to inventor, but I was like a full time participation and pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Oldant was that people on the Internet are school.
The children are crime, but they never get away from me or a little bit of a little girl anymore.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a business object.
I see online clips with comments like, "Why does?
"Is it breather?
And my favorite, "Poor bubble terrorist.
What disease does it have?
We really should.
A comment suggested even that I would add my disability to my curve, a guardian, company, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't make Berkeley, then Berkeley can't make someone in string chairs.
The disasters are -- yeah, clap, man. Come on.
The disasters are the largest minority of the world, and the most super-foot in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I've grown up with media media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would make less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My top journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk through the red carpet flown by the diagram of Susan Lesan Telescopes and the brain Lenting Army.
I came up with a film with Adam Saddam and working with my dollar, the incredible Dave Matthesth.
I traveled the world by the Arabs have become crazy.
I was declined in representative of the big state of New Jersey, in the CDA of 2008.
And I started "The Maised Childreneseyent, a charity organization to give kids Palestinian refugee a part of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live alive, and I dedicated this talk to her memory.
He does passend paper.
I call me Massach Zapaque, and if I can, you can also can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a kid of a small village.
I don't know her name, but I know her story.
It lives in a little town to Southern Somehow.
This town is near Mozilar.
The sea drives the little town to poverty and the edge of the invasion.
Without anything to him, it goes to the big city, in this case, Mozilovator, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there is no opportunities, there's no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Mozilar.
After maybe a prostituted year, nothing.
And one day he gets close to a gentleman who offered him to take him away, then to dinner, to develop.
It knows a group of people who give him a destiny.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, to her family.
They present a young guy.
It finally happens.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mozart, under a blue sky -- a car bombs.
That kid from that little town with dreams of the great city was suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shanghai, a terrorist organization connected with al Qaeda.
So how does the story of a little kid in a little town try to fulfill his dreams in the city end with him in the city with him?
He was waiting for.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that he got to.
This was the first thing I took about what we call "the waiting period."
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
This is the story of the markets, who are young urban uniformity that stopped riots in Johnny, stopped riots in London, who look for something beyond the piece of support."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment rate.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunity, the history of the period of waiting, the dog of access to terrorism, to violence, to the panels, to be the history of the 2000s.
And in my city of birth, Mozile, 70 percent of the young people are destined.
70 percent don't work, he doesn't go to school.
They do nothing.
I went back to Mozart last month, and I went to visit the Madina Hospital -- the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in that hospital actually striking to balances thinking, and if I'd never been there?
What if I had been forced to be in that same piece of waiting?
Would I have become a terrorist?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Mozilovator that month was actually to support some juvenile leaders in a business crime.
It brought up about 90 Somali leaders of Somali legislation.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Addite.
He went to the University of Mozart, he graduated graduate.
There was no work, no opportunities.
I remember when he told me, that because he was a graduate college college, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for Al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to be recruited to
They looked for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mozilar, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Terrification years of civil war have completely destroyed the civil system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize it.
And then they saw an opportunity and the approach.
It started a motorcycle company.
It started by releasing mathematics to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What makes this story different?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the period of hope."
He species young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking at so desperately for.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Molan Mohamed, a flower.
I was helping you train some of the young people in the summit of business initiatives and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mozilar has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed arrived, if you wanted flowers for your wedding board, you were using plastic plastic from the abroad.
If you ask someone, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be "now?
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a fear company and flower design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Mozart, and he started to grow the tunism and the little bits, which he said, could survive the hard weather of Mozilar.
And it started the flower delivery for wedding doors, creating gardens in the homes, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park of Mozilar in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mozilovatoris.
He wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the provided rooms.
By the way, he doesn't grow rooms because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact in the young.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGO, working for government, but his story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they might be entrepreneurs, that could be artificial to change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So, inspiring young people and creating a cultural spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in development and put their business.
They connect young people with the resources that need to give us the support they need to move from the competition to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something else to start a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Her Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, will transform the way people see their city.
And they took children from the street to help rent and keep the motors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the paradigm of the period.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn young people in entrepreneurs -- they go in and feed their inherent innovation, and they'll have more stories about flowers and Parks Parks Peter and periodical periods."
Thank you.
I was about ten years old, and I went to camping with my dad on the Doorline mountains, an area arrive north from the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest was controlled.
The sun would make the leaves shine like a vitality, and it will not be the way we still -- we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings in taking that land.
We get to our camp.
It was a cord in a risk with a beautiful crash lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the cover there was a ship, from about four feet square with poster markers of paper paper paper paper poles and old paper pollen.
And I was analyzed, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The campaigns who were too lazy to get out what they had brought up, who thought he was going to clean their balloon?
That question followed with me, and it was just a little bit.
Who clean our trash light?
No matter how organic or where they put the our brain, who clean our trash in Stanford?
Who clean our trash on Rio or Paris, or in London.
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash -- to reason 10,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know it as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel to use the uniform and bring that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled on the trucks and walked through their tricks and interviewed people in offices and facilities around the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an introduction.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a trash collection.
Now I didn't just travel on the trucks. I drove them.
And he operated the mechanical schools and the bar sheet.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It is there, but it's not as predatory as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong you can get used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies kept at the weight of taking on their body tons every week.
It's also danger.
According to the Bureau of Laboratory States, waste collection is one of the most dangerous agencies in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and you go through your surroundings.
They just want to happen, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the workers.
And also the garbage itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and make terrible harm.
I also learned about how the garbage implanted.
When you go out of the room, and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
Never stop coming.
It's also like a form of breath or circulation.
It always must be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I strongly believe that waste collection is the most important workforce in the city streets, for three reasons.
They're the first protection of public health.
If you don't get rid of the waste and effective ways every day, this starts to break away from your content and your inherent dangers threaten us in very real forms.
Discoveries that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back to bring and start to give us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of how old we don't have space for what the motors in the economy start to fail when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism. I just fear her relationship.
And then there's what I call our average speed of device necessary.
With that, I mean just at the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, or we don't represent, we clean or take our coffee car, our bags of the seals, our water bottle.
We use them, we take them off, we forget about them, because we know there's a work force on the other side that will get away from it.
So today I want to suggest a couple ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and put them into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost literature.
They're on the street every day, a hydrogen form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to expect.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us out of ourselves, from our own depressions, our speeds, and that flow always has to stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the graduate of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son and went down the stairs running out, and there was a man doing his recycling track as he did all the missions.
And I tried to thank you for doing your job that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just started, and he said, "We're going to be right.
We're going to be right."
Shortly after that, I started researching the waste collection and went back to that man.
It's called Paulo, we worked together a lot of times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to record the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and have in account all costs, even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
The municipal waste -- what we think when we talk about block, represent three percent of the number of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next ones you see someone whose work is to clean the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you a lot.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analytics from different perspectives are becoming an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of various floors in the Eastern capital, Adam Aberia.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and to me, about what we had to design about.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go up correct."
After seeing some of these buildings there are a lot in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects of standing.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large shops where people can't afford to buy things.
Secondly, you need to employ a lot of energy because the revolution with crystals generates heat inside, so you need a lot of cooling into it.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees across the year.
And thirdly, their aspect has nothing to do with Africa and Ethiopia.
It's a penis trying to deal with such a rich place in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really caught with the ancient market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people, and they go and buy things every day to small selections.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of various floors applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by figuring out the site, which is located in an area of a lot of growth in the city, where a lot of the buildings we now see in the picture, don't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, bringing together all the inputs of the building.
And this extends with an inclined attraction that creates a space to the free air in the building that are solved, by its own form, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I got thinking about a tissue similar to an ant capture with profitance to allow the input of air, and also the light, but in a filtered way.
We then inspired in these beautiful buttons of the set of electronics.
They have properties of the fractal geometry, and this helped me model the face.
We're building that with these little predatory pieces that are the windows that let the air go and light in a way controlled into the inside of the building.
This is made up with these little crystal crystals that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas not easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a shopping center. It wasn't what we ask."
But in fact, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because at the end of the commercial center there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade, it was much more economic, not only because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy supply for the building in a city where electricity was cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage putting photographers on the ceiling.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these parties on the roof, which is actually collect water for the inner sensors.
It is expected for the beginning of the next year, because we go for the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the greatest thing I have designed -- needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also their environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve doctors of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was extend the existing streets, creating 12 similar blocks in size and features to the ones in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these patients.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relationship with the idea of the door doors with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, as the apartment, as an essential part of the teacher plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation.
And it's normal, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we put a scheme that claims that most of the apartments are perfectly buried in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with pathologists, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for penguins.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density in higher levels and lower density on the lower plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The ceiling, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like reducing the community occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and socially, and make activity like running a two miles a morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives, change communities and local economies to the same pace that the buildings grow in.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl joined our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
It had huge amounts of hair very bright and a little bit of a little bit of a periodic, climate. It was very strong for the capital of states, very good for strategic.
I ended up that year and I was full of cells, until I brought my sinister plan.
One day I got a time after the school exit -- I was a little late and I hid in the back of girls.
When the cost was streaming, I went out in the classroom, I took my teacher out of my teacher the book of grades.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my road, just a little bit like this.
All like this.  And I went back to the book to the clip, but to see, some of my other colleagues had very good notes as well.
So in a france, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put every row from De De De De Life and myself a row of Like, just because I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came out.
I don't understand why I felt good.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was that everything was disappointed.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I get rid of the reason why I was bothered that this little girl was so good for school.
I was intrigued with the cells.
They're so mysterious and so permanent.
We know babies suffer from cells.
Also, the primate birds are very property.
We know that the cells are the number one cause of capitalists in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the laboratory that the cells are studying in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no cells, there would be no literature.
Well, there was no Helium ineffective, no "Population?
There would be no cell king, not "The 1,000 and a night?
There was no Shakespeare.
They were going to disappear the reading list of high school, because we were losing "The noise and the Furunguish" -- there would be no "The Notality and Fire: we would miss "Man Bobby," and "Holy K.
Without strings, there is no Proud -- I know that Proud has the answers for everything, and in terms of the cells, it almost has all of them.
This year goes up to 100 years of his masterpiece, "In search of lost time, the most exposure study of sexual skeletons, and also the ordinary complexity, the mine, everything we could have.  And thinking about Proudian, we have the sensitive details -- right?
We think of a kid trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a humiliated manipulation in a living back.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget how implanted it is.
I mean, it is books that Virginia Wolfram said they were as hard as a cat.
I don't know what the cat triangle is, but we assume it's surface.
So let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the cells, the skin and the Professor.
Would it be very obvious as the states, who reduce the person, to their wish, to their depressing, are a very solid natural base, right?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel cells.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible, because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being in the storytellers and audience, we know exactly what details to include the channel, right?
The cells make us all all standards affected, and that's something that Proud understood.
All she does to give me pleasure could be pleasure to another, maybe right now.
And he starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh love that Shady detects in his lover -- he adds him to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Swiss and Proud were notoriously cellular.
You know, the Prover boyfriend would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so clear to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The cells are advertising.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the cells?
The cells are nutrient from information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small schedule of leadership.
The cells are nutritionally nutrients.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  Proud links good language with the state of the cells.
When Sweden is in his cell office, suddenly he hears behind the doors and supermarket to the services of his lover and then define those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is recovery, but it's not different than the interpretation of an old text or to look at a mentor."
He says, "They are scientific research with real intellectual value.
Proud is trying to prove that the cells see intrigued and make us seem absurd, but in their message, they are search for knowledge, search of the truth, a painful truth -- in fact, to the Protein consider, the more profitating the truth, the better.
The pain, the humiliation -- the loss -- these were the tracks to Prospect wisdom.
He says, "A woman who we need to do, that makes us suffer in us a range of much more profound and vital feelings than a wise man that can be interested."
Are we telling us that we're going to look for women that are crossed?
No, I think it's trying to say that the cells revealed ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals us our agriculture, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other excitement that teaches us to look with so peculiar intensive?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very invisible young woman who was consumed with the idea that his wife was pushing it.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Well, she was innocent. Everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspect without any cause.
But he looked for things that he did his wife, without realizing inventional behaviors.
Does it be too solid, or accidentally recognize with a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the consumer of his wife's constant.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the cells are making us look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more interestingly, the more we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells lead us to make violent or illegal acts of illegal.
The cells drives us to behave in totally unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A woman from 52 years old was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from which he was sent to living messages -- horrible to itself, for a year.
For a year. A year.
She was trying to impact the new girlfriend of his new news -- I have to confess that when or this, they react with administration.
Because, let's be realistic.
How large, even though incredibly, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel of Patient Highs.
High is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character.
This is "The Arts Autonomy in a Treat, and "The Taliban Mr. Richard, books that are about how the skyscrapers confuse our minds, and once we are on the sphere, in the realm of the cells, the membrane that separates what might be, can be punched in a second.
Take Tom Richard, his most famous character.
Tom Rick is going to be working or wanting what you have to take care of your self and you can get out of what you ever had, and it's under the floor. You respond to your name, you take your analysis, you take your banks back.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Rick room.
I can't give everyone to the world, both as sometimes I want to.
It's a state, because we live in terms of envy.
We live in times of cells.
I mean, are we good citizens of social media, where the currency is the animal? Right?
The novels show us the room? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they are to a mystery.
Let's go to 2411 from Baker Street, and ask about Shamphai Hollywoods.
When people think about Hollywoods, they think of the medicine in the Market Professor that crime genius.
But I've always preferred -- "In Lesterland Institute, the head of Schtobol's Sandwich Ray who needs Hollywood desperately needs the Moon genius, but it bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Lesterland needs its help, but it turns it up, and bubble with a little bit of a little bit of the mystery.
But as they work together, something begins to change, and finally in "The Six Nations, once Hollywood walked in, he was delivered to everybody with his solution, Lestier comes back to Hollywoods and says, "We're not cleaners, Mr. Hollywoods.
We are proud of you."
And he tells him that there's no person at Scotland Yard that I wouldn't want to deal with your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywoods transported in history. I think this is very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a geometry, no emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is on the opposite side of Lester.
The next minute they're on the same side.
All of a sudden, Lesterland is allowed to admire that idea of being the response.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the cells really are a geometry, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be relative with the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to be aware of the excellence of the other.
We can stand with it.
But I like continent plans.
So as we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to be consumed.
Only the fiction decisions the cells.
The fiction, the doctors, the inventor to the table.
And look at what grows -- the sweet, the Arab Toyald Arabic, the crazy Swashing, the same March Prover.
We're at excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Moon 11 and he went on on the Margare of Transportation.
Armstrong and Australian were alone, but their presence in the surface gray gray was the culmination of a conventional collective process.
The Apollo program was the greatest movement in the history of the United States.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo One.
But before the Apollo Earth program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Do you walk on your surface, which Alim after the death of Armstrong the past year is now the oldest one.
So why did they go?
They didn't bring a lot back in the back, 318 pounds of old rock, and something that the 24 would stop later, a new sense of the little section and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962, they give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy -- some questions, why the Moon, why the Moon, why the Moon, why?
Why do it turn it into our goals?
And you could also ask, why do you climb the highest mountain off?
35 years ago, why fly on the Atlantic.
Why do I play Rice against Texas: Why?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Polecomer: For the contexts, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was the wonderful excitement to the transfer of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological tricks.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In half of the century, the policing was eradicated and the smallpox is cleaned.
Technology seemed to get what Allen Topian in 1970 called "the acceleration "force?
For most of the history of humanity, we can't go faster than a horse or a valve ship, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 transportation flew at 40,000 miles a hour.
Since 1970, no human being turned to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Afghanistan 10, and the average optimism on the power of technology has been evolved by seeing that problems that we imagine that technology will solve like going to Mars, create a clean energy, to cure cancer, or feed the world's population seem to have been introductor.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me not to look at the school tube called the Saturn V.
I really knew that this would be the last moon mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies would have been distracted to us and they would have been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They've been struggling and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a paralyzed explanation in Silicon Valley, who confident that they have created less ambitious companies than those of the years in which Intel were funded by Internet, Microsoft, Apple and Gene General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the penguins, in particular, the incentives that venture capitalism offer business.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused that to change the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what is wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when venture capitalists were at their left point without worrying about risk, they preferred little investments, the minimal investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The CEO have always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and which development is long-term -- have never invested in developing technologies to solve big problems because they don't have immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we cannot solve the big problems are more complicated and profound and profound.
Sometimes we chose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks that there are more important things than doing on Earth.
Sometimes, we cannot solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biology. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
The coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biological biomass.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree on what policies and treaty interactive interconnected the development of an alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the price of coal.
But there is no hope in the political climate that we will see an energy policy of the United States or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that seem to look like technology, it turns out not to be.
We know for time that famines are the result of failure in food report.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that actually affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like the colleges or the systems for storage and standard of food, but there will be famine as bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes elevate a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistance to treatment, and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatment.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we cannot solve the problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present, political leaders and population must want to solve the problem, the institutions should be supporting the solution, it must really deal with a technological problem, and we have to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, confident with those criteria.
But it's an unpredictable model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There's a glorious competition like in the Cold War, there is no politician like John Kennedy who broke the difficult and dangerous, and there is no popular science of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was only three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We are just in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't love the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to begin to remind you about the widespread ideas that are about trust.
They're so common that they've become clicks of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a receptor. There's been a big decrease of trust, it's a very pervasive belief.
The second is an ability. We should have more trust.
And the third is a task, we should recover trust.
I think the recovery, the goal and the task have gone wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a receptor, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, why do people think that trust has disappeared?
And if I think about the base of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I bow to think that it may have gone down in some activities or institutions and that might have increased in others.
I don't have it.
But I can go to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has disappeared.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were discovered 20 years ago, mainly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same discovery.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago remain quite confident.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half the way.
But is this enough evidence?
What the opinion polls record are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when you ask certain questions.
Do you trust politicians, trust the teachers?
Now, if somebody asks you, "Do you know in the green?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the primary teachers?
You probably started to ask, "What do you do?"
And that would be a very sensible response.
And you might say, when you have answered your question, "Well, trust some, but in other none."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to depend on trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of confidence that we're going to feel like a certain kind of official, functional or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, to say that I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give to the reading class, but in any way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but not, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think of trust in a more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to obvious the good increased judgment to the fact of trusting something or somebody.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would pursue for.
I would try to have more confidence in what is a trust methodology, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a paradigm to not trust what is not reliable.
And I think those people who were doing their savings with the very closely named Mr. Madagascar, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yeah, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not a smart goal in this life.
So trust or negative to intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you tell it, that says, yeah, it's worth that means that what matters is not the trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's trying to do is make a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think to be able to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitive? Are they responsible? Are they responsible?
And if we find that a person is competent in the perfect matter, and it's responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm really glad to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible but extremely unconscious.
If so, I haven't been paid yet.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
The trust is the answer.
The trustworthiness.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier the task of judging their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper than to assemble the part of it."
And we found the same problem in all of our public lives, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness.
What they do is discussion the work of people who have to make difficult tasks, like the parts, to tell you that you shape the chaos, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
Everything else, by the goal.
I think the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust, and we transmitted the people that are reliable and if you try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes -- what doesn't happen properly.
Third, the task.
Call the task to rebuild trust, put things up to the track.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in fact, is distinctive because we get the other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them the good foundations so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't cheat -- usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to bring phone evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, the ordinary people, the functions, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my calculations says that I can get them out without giving explanations.
I take them up and give me the money, or you change them by the color I want.
That's great. I rely on them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson on that.
If you go vulnerable to the other hand, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have trust in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think that what we're pointing out is not something very hard to discover.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
Since the beginnings of computers have come to us to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which imagination can be deployed.
This separation has been reduced, more and more and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the glass of the glass of a touch screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if there was no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
I first created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong open office against the screen transfers its physical body into prison.
Designers can material their ideas directly in 3D and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So with this tool they break the barriers.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the divide of Scientists appropriate in Microsoft, along with my mentor Cat Boltzander, I read the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent video with deep cameras to detect the toes and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside the 3D space, and grab signs directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as to grab a book from a shelf.
You can run the book and pick up lines or words with the virtual stories that are the bottom of every floating screen.
The architects can stretch or rotate their mosquitos directly with their hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Sure, many of us will have bought and disappeared things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual worker on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in the head or transparent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing signs in space, how can we make them physical in ways that we can touch them and feel it?
So what would be a future like this?
In the Media Lab, with my Tubin Islam and my collaborator Remightie Poster, we created this only physical print.
This spherical electromagnet is behaving as a 3D printer in space, which means the computer as the users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Simplicity, what we did was we crave gravity and control the movement through a magnetic level combination combination and mechanical action and detector.
And by programming digitally the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means human movements can record and go back and stay in the physical world.
You can teach photographs physically and to distance, and the famous shots of Michael Jordan can be replicated as a physical reality the time we wanted.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the world movement, the physics, and unlike the monitors or the textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating to change the physics of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activity.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to disconnect ourselves from our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hunting, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to bring to a school for athletes with all the paid spending.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly create that there was only one path to the happiness, a safe work and well registered.
No matter if the work I'd like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese period.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start training from very young to learn the cross-conflicting, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
Until I wrote the director of school and the preservation of a radio program.
But no adults would love the idea.
No adults took me seriously.
My friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
I feared that, for the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing that could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved for another vote.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I went to books.
(Music Complete?
Those who were forbidden in China, of course.
The Good Earth?
And it's not the conventional propaganda. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but bizarre.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revealer, "Hoose to your father and your mother."
"Honor, I said, "It's so different, and much better than obvious."
So it became my tool to come out of this computer burning trap.
The meeting with a new culture also gave my comparative reading habit.
A lot of perspectives.
For example, at first, this map seemed to me out of place, because this is what students in China learn.
I had never occurred to myself, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are some research fields as a comparative religion and comparative limitation.
Compare and control, offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books of two.
You can try to make people be Bonobo Francisco, "What All David Adams, who were involved in one of the same thing, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation is economic, policies and spiritual people.
For the Buddha -- they're all psychologists. lust, fear and social -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The Taliban Texas Tarm -- "The Train Train. All the way of losing me in translation. I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation I realized that "disparity in Chinese literally means "game and fast."
And "November, it literally means new mother."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I'm not going to go back alone or important ever.
Having a destiny dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that performance is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Even a destructive dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, that I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first personal client.
I was a documentary student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26 year-old woman named Alex.
Alex walked into the first session using vaccines and a hollywood straight, he threw on the couch of my office and said he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so stuck.
My classmates had a pyramid as the first client.
And I took a set of a people who wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the stories that Alex brought to the sessions, I became easy only to move the head while we went back the solution.
The trees are the new terrorism? Albert Alexander, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working on, you get home, you have children later, until the death happens later.
For verbs like Alex and I had a lot of time.
But soon after that, my survival pushed me to press Alex who would talk about his loved life.
I was responding.
I said, "Sure, it's coming out with guys under your category -- it comes up with a hair head, but it's not like it was going to marry him."
And then my survivor said, "It's not not -- but maybe it gets married with the next one.
Also, the best moment to work in the Alex marriage is before it goes.
This is what psychologists call a "Time moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what was used to, but this didn't make the 20th of Alex a passenger in their development.
This made the 20th of Alex the perfect moment and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign brain was a real problem, and it had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future of the vegetables everywhere.
There are 50 million savings in the United States today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that no one gets to the adult without going through the 20th.
Hands up if you're in your 20th.
I want to see the vegetables here.
Oh yeah. They are incredible.
If you work with vegetables, you love a seal, you take the dream a seal, I want to see. It's fine. Increasingly, the vegetables really matter.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight in 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Life, which shapes your life to when you're 30, and so many.
People from more than 40 -- they don't go into panic passion.
This audience is going to be right, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact about how much money they will win.
We know that more than half Americans are married, they live or they are coming up with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up your second and final stage of growth in your 20s, and it's represented for adulthood, which means if there's something that you want to change yourself, now is the moment to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during its 20 than anywhere else in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its shoes at 28, and things become complicated at 35 p.m.
The 20 are the time to educate on their body and their options.
When we think about developing the kid, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your daily and ordinary life has a detecting impact in the person that will become it.
But what we don't hear often is there's something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the verbs are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the line of the adult time.
The researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists are taking ridiculous names to the vegetables like "Terrism: "The Ties.
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a traditional traditional that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernitan said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it?
What do you think happens when you give a standard on your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and not absolutely anything.
And then every day, you get smart, interesting like you or your children and daughters get to my office and say something like this: "I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "You all say that while you start a career before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound like this: "My 20s are going to be over, and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curve the day I graduated from college."
And then it starts to sound like this: "My dates during the 20 were like the game of the chairs.
They all run and they fun, but then at some point around 30, music was spread, and everyone started to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one that would stay stop, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30?
Where are the vegetables here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme. But they don't wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things at 30, there's a huge pressure to the triangles and so many of you to start a career, pick a city, pick a couple, and have two or three children in a much more short period of time.
Many of these things are not compatible -- and there are research that starts to show you, which is much harder and stressful to do all of once at 30.
The average age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
So realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
Many trains and continents look to themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the vegetables are doing and thinking.
Here is a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because I was in his own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said he would like to work in art or in entertainment, but he still couldn't decide, so the last few years working as a message.
As I was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult things, his previous life had been even harder.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she got up her when she said, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends.
Well, one day, Emma came on his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new fire for drug, and it had spent the whole morning filling it with her many contacts, but then you got to see the empty space that follows after the words "In the empathy -- please call you ...
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said, "Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident?
Who is going to take care of me if I cancer?
At that point, I was a lot of work to resist and not say, "I ...
What Emma needed was not a therapy that was really concerned about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew that this was her opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit in while the decisive decade of Emma went ahead.
So over the next few weeks and months, I told Eman three things that all standard, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I told Emma that I would forget about that identity of identity and get identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Make something that is an investment in what you want to be later.
I didn't know the future of the Emma career, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this -- capital of identity creates identity capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, from that internet, from that company that you want to test.
I'm not discovering the exploration, I'm discovering the exploration that I shouldn't tell you, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's proliferation.
I told Emma that I would explore jobs and make them tell you.
Secondly, I told Emma that urban tribes are survival.
The best friends are excellent to go to the airport, but the vegetables who go together with friends with similar minds with similar minds who know what they know, what they know, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who will leave almost always comes from their closest circle.
The new things come from what they're called weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half the vegetables have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half is, and the weak links are the form of colleague to this group.
Half of the work that you have never published, then knowing the boss of your neighbor is how you get a non-zero-sum job.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information is happening.
Finally, but not least, Emma thinks you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as you would set, Emma will soon choose your family when you have a partner and form your own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that 30 is better to sit head than the 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live right now or you go right now when everyone in Facebook start to walk into the altar.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that means being as intentional at love as you're at work.
Your family has to be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with whoever you choose to choose you.
So what happened to Emma?
Well, we went back that director and she found the company of a cousin that worked in a museum of art in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the bride that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's a special organize of events in museums.
This married with a man who was consciously chosen with a man.
He loves his new career, loves his new family, and I sent a letter that said, "Now the space contact spaces aren't big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love working with vegetables.
It's very easy to help you.
Veronics are like planes coming out of the Los Angeles, which go somewhere in the west.
Just before the department, a slight fits in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Finan.
In the same way, at 21 or at 25, and even in the 29, a good conversation, a good disaster, a good TED Talk, can have huge effects in the next years or even in the following generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the vegetables you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege to say to vegetables like Emma every single day." The trends are not the new 20, they recognize their adults, they get identity capital, use their weak links, choose your family.
They don't let it define why they didn't know what they didn't know.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding work in management consumer for a work that was even more defense, the dictator.
I went to teach you mathematics to set students in the public schools in New York City.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and evidence.
I give them tasks.
When the work comes back, he calculated grades.
What I called the attention was that the CIA was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance didn't have a C. strategic participants.
Some of my smartest children were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of things that need to learn in math in seventh grade, secure, are hard, proportions, decentralized, the area of a paraly.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over time.
After several years of doctor, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better.
It's the CIA, but what if to succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn how fast and easy?
So I left the classrooms, and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of challenging scenario, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military West Poverty.
We tried to predict what caps remain in military training and who would be retreated.
We went to the Dentayoscurulation Conflict of Delent and tried to predict what children would move the closest possible in the competition.
We study Novembers working in really hard neighborhoods working in really difficult neighborhoods asking us what teachers would still be teaching for the end of the school and those who will be the most effective to improve the learning of their students.
We partnered with private companies, wondering, which of these marketers are going to keep your job purpose?
And who is going to win more money?
In all those very different contexts, a feature came up as a major prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't good approach, physical health, and it wasn't C.
It was the determines.
Determination is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is clinging to their future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
Determination is to live life as if it was a marathon -- not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my determination questionnaires and then wait about more than a year to see those who are graduating.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate -- even when I got them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security that the children felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Pover or at the National Concentration of Delent where the determination is -- it's also in school, especially for children in risk of dropping it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid work of work?
How do you keep them motivated for the long property?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you determines.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that simply don't continue with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the competitive determination is not related or even related to the talents of talent.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mentality.
This is an idea developed at Stanford Design by Carol Design, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Does Design have shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to the challenge, they're much more likely to perceive when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions, and we need to prove them.
We need to measure if they have been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start all over again with the lessons learning.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as the daughter of a calculation, one of my most analyzed memories is my mother showing you the beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I wonder about this incredible language.
But for an extracellud, it seems to be as inspirational as the Chinese Wall Music.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can support this wall, so that whoever wants to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and rapid method of learning Chinese could be helpful.
Since I was five, I started learning how to draw each of the trains of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
An Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic satellite.
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic literature -- enough to read traffic signals, restaurant mentors, understand the basic idea of web pages or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as it is possible until it's squared.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming in a frankly way, "Index. I'm crossing -- this symbol is actually original to the form of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple door doors in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They are building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If somebody walks back, that's going to go.
As the ancient one said, two are company, three are multipleform.
If a person would stretch their arms, this person is saying "It was this big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is closed.
It's a prisoner like Jon inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the conventions.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a idea."  Easy to remember, because a paralyzed tree is pretty identical.
Remember the fire?
Two games together, it becomes very hot.
Three games together, that is a lot of calls together.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two soldiers together, prostitute two.
Three together, those are classrooms.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brilliant.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. And it will stand.
A door. Put a table inside the door, is the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did you touch a stuff, is there somebody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, climbing out of a door, evaluating.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, bear care is adult.
So we've already spent about 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radiations will allow them to build 32.
The next group of eight characters build another 32.
So with every little effort, they will be able to learn a couple hundreds of characters, which is the same thing you learn an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after meeting the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east in China.
So a sun alongside the origin -- we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains spent one on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because Chinese experiments were destroying their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile has become out.
A mouth who tells you where to come out is a room.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and lower from the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be Dad is the movies that I come to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Ocean Mage together.
The film mastered his imagination for months.
Her favorite character was Global, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and bring a magic variant.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial fantasy.
However, the Oz magic was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a couple years later, curiously, another film whose protests, a metal boy and a pennice boy rescued a girl dressed as a line of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yes.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Ocean magician and all the films that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Oz Mages.
monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the Oz magician was done today, the magician would say, Down, you're the saving of Oz as the teacher predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer generation of the evil branch.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing from the Ocean magic is that the most heroic characters -- wise and even viruses are women.
I started to notice this when I did "Star Wars to my daughter a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection, because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the supermarket level had gone down.  So he moved in the room and he was impressed as a mom with his legs behind me, and I don't think he understood what happened, but independently, I was absorbing everything.
I wonder what I perceived.
Would they be true and personalized and legal?
Would you have the feeling that Luck was one to an army to deliver the government?
Let's compare this to the 1950s Mages of 1959.
How do I win Durk your movie?
It makes good ministers with everyone and being a leader.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow eight, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital Foug, force in the movies for our children, and so little from the yellow broken.
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence films in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this star.
I know by experience that the Leady princess doesn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults that is mining.  I think at the moment of the first kiss. I really hoped that the credit would start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has done, I have green.
Why do you keep standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on defeating the village and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures to do.
It's almost like being a kid, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There's a lot of exceptions, and defend the princess of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to kids, even though they, the kids are not really their target public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patient, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patient.
There's no model for them.
We also have some big women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely and lovely like Serras and Katrina, but they don't stop being films of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of every time continues to appear in classic after classic -- each one of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who raised a child.
Until a lot of you are thinking, this year finally came badly.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when Valley, when Valley.
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a principle.
It's very good. Don't let that stop them."
Well, almost none of these films passed the Big test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't reached roots and already proposed, but maybe today we'll start a movement.
Alabia Beck is a comic drawing, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend about the evaluation of films that you saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you have to do -- in the movie, there is more than a female character than have lines?
So you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point of the film?
Your conversations are about something else from the kid that you like to do it?  All right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality movie, Argentine.
Right? Rustles from October, school success, an idea of consensus of what a quality Hollywood movie is.
Pretty much the test of Beckan.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an embassy where men and women are hiding during the crisis of the regions.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this school, and it's the big moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, "Come to bed, charge?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at numbers.
In 2011, in the most popular movies, how many of them think they have female prouds?
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women that we have recently chosen for the Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a bigger number than this is going to be disappointed by this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women say that it's been sexually assaulted once in his life.
I don't think it's the fault of massive entertainment.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that music videos or photographer are closely freezes, but something wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual advertising.
Who are those guys? What are they learned?
What don't you get to learn?
Are you looking at the story that the role of a male hero is to defeat the village with violence and then cover the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk?
Are we looking at that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
Do we have tools to our disposal as a power, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask, bring power to protect you if at the same time, active or passively are we educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly to the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of men.
The definition of malaria is radically changing.
You will have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the attackered paper.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character in "Star Wars, you know what he responded?
Obvies organ.
Obama Kenya and Germany.
What do these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those films that know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories where I tell my son, and he sees and struggle only and more stories where her work is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, help other people improve and be better people, like the Ocean magician.
Thank you.
As a kid, I lived in Maine, one of the things that I liked was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these colonies.
They are covered with sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying electronics, I realized that I saw my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Manya had grown up to one of almost 3,000 miles of length alongside the Nihall.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use the infrared infrared.
This is a place that was located in the Eastern East of Egypt called Bennick.
And the place, at the naked eye, seems to be brown -- but when we use the infrared and process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright roof.
What you're seeing is real chemical changes that are caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians and the activities of the ancient Egyptian.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Ice -- lost for thousands of years.
It was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Fance, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of old Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
Egyptians have always known that Italy was located somewhere near the pieces of the two kings that built them, indicated within the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge revolution of stock.
This area is huge, a half a mile as much as 6.5 kilometers.
Before, the Nila flows right next to Italy, and as it changed over time, he moved into this and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a city set up in an extinct landscape?
Trying to find it at random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a paradigm, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So, we use NASA police data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nila flows.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, that we think might be the location of Italy.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing search jobs. You can see it here.
When I say, it's like the show of shows in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for layers of human optimistic.
Five feet below, under a thick layer of light, we found a dense layer of ceremony objects.
This means that in this possible location of Italy, five feet down, we have a several hundred hundred years of opportunity that date from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Iceland.
We also found work work, correlation, car and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem like it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used on the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that date from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry shop that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Italy here, but we'll go back to the place in a close future to locate it.
And even more important, we have the resources to train young Egyptian in the use of satellite technology, so they can also make big discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably written in Italy 4,000 years ago.
Sharing knowledge is most votes.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984 -- C.
You make ideas really started in 1984 to C. C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from the top.
It certainly puts the search for marine cookies in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, versus the door of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that it's made.
Now visualizing a group of obese nationalism in bicycles.
They're competing in a national race race and they're going to address their entry door.
I need you to see this really true.
They're standing strong, they're swimming, they go a lot.
And they collide against the door of their house.
There are bicycle bikes flying all over the place, wheels that go on on its side, rays of the wheels that end up in absorbed places -- pass the door threshold.
On the lobby, the classroom, or what there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light -- the light brings on the Mount Galleries.
It's healing them with your hand.
It's from his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse I talked about.
They can feel their blue oil by making them close on the nose.
You can smell the panel of airplane and you can go through your mouth.
They go on one side and train their living room.
In the room, and making more use of his imagination, imagine Britney Specialists.
He's with little clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing "Hey Baby.
Now let me give you the kitchen.
The ground has been recorded with a tribal brick path, and from the oven they come to you Dortognam, the Manya Man, the Spanish and the Lego of "The Mage of Oh, advanced from hands, jumping to you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the American Memory Catalist.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting -- I suppose, that this was like the end of a supermarket supermarket.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hydrogen habits.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorized the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compared to see who I could memorize faster the order of a barrier bar.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cochrane who had come from England, and he has one of the best trained memories.
I said, "Deep, when you realized you were a kid?
Ed said, "I'm not a wise guy.
Actually, I have an average memory.
All of those who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained to do these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that I used City to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I have heard of this before?
We were standing outside of the competition room, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English -- although a little bit of an exciting, he said, "Josh, you're an American journalist.
You know Britney Specialists?
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I'd like to teach Britney Specialists how to memorize order in a live nano-field deck in national television barrier.
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Speech, but maybe you can teach me.
So you have to start by something not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the year of the next year not only training my memory, but I also research it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what its potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man named E.
He's an amazing, very likely the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allows you to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum I met this guy.
This is Kim Peer. In him they were based on Dust Hopping in the movie "Rich Man."
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorized telephone guides.
And when you go back, I read a number of treaty about the memory written a little over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the ancient and then at the Middle Age.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, disciplined and crops was not as rare as you can look today.
A long time ago, people invested in their memory, to provide labor their minds.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but they also have changed us.
They have changed us culturally and I would say that they've changed us continuously.
As we have no longer any need to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find passionate about this idea of transportable memory, disciplined and cultured is this very unique competition of memory.
It's not really so simple. There are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
Did you want to know: Is it going to be that it has brains in some ways, structure or anticipating different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are you more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compare them.
When they put them in a magnetic MRI machine, they scan their brains while they were memorizing numbers, faces and forms of snow copyright, found that in memory camps were shocked from the brain, different parts of the brain.
They actually used it, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space and navigation memory.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memorizing is driven as an armed career where each year appears to someone with a new way to remember more things, faster quickly, and then the rest of the competitors must put the day.
This is my friend Ben Prime, three times a memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 drivers of destroyed names that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only dominate him.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 44 binary binary digits.
In half a hour. Yes.
And as there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competence, absolutely all the techniques that are used at the end of the end is reduced to one concept that psychologists call "email "competition?
It illustrates with a paralyzed paradigm known as "Papertown.
That's her applied.
And then I ask you, "I remember there's a battery.
And when I go back later, and I ask you remember that word I told you a reason?
Remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Back is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who said their work is "baby?
The same word, different capacity of memory -- that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the Baby name doesn't actually mean anything to you. It doesn't have any relationship.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, "Bay. We know panels.
They use similar white hats.
They have harmony in the hands.
They smell good when they go home to work.
We probably know some law.
And when we first put that word for the first time, we started putting assistant agencies to fix them very easily.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data is about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the "picking of memory."
The story is like this: There was a poet called Symbors that assembles a bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't bring a DH: It was hired to a poet.
He stood up on foot, he got his memory poem -- and he died, and so soon he went out of the bank, the bank comes up.
They kill everybody.
But it didn't only kill them to everybody, but destroy bodies by giving them released.
No one could say who was there, no one could remember where they were sitting.
This is how the bodies could be controlled.
A tragedy behind the other.
Simitation, standing outside, only survival, in the middle of the schools, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting in every invitation.
He took the family family to bring them to where their loved ones were in between the rubble was.
What Simmas adverted at that moment is something that we all know about more or less interactively, and it is that no matter if we're not good to remember names or phone numbers or instructions of the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If you ask me to get the first 10 words of the story I just told you about Simonia, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the parallel horse in his lobby, they would be able to visit it.
The idea of the palace of memory is to create this building with your mind and the eyes of your mind with the things that you want to remember -- the more local, the slower, funny, scanner and super the image, most inevitable to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memorizes of memory, in Latin.
And how does it work?
So let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk, and they want to make it out of memory, the same way that Cicion had done if they had invited TEDGlobal 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And you can imagine some kind of a absolutely ridiculous image -- crazy and unbelievable to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely uncertainty competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and seeing the Mount Gallery mounted on Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Congo.
And then you would see Britney Specialists to remind you that funny anecdote you want to tell.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth topic that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how Roman dramatic propagandas look at their speech, not a word for word, which is going to confuse them but typical by typical.
In fact, the typical term, comes from the Greek "Tall: that means play."
It's a research of when people thought about the original and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase in the first place, it would be like the first place in his memory palm.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got out of it.
I went to some of these memory competence, and I had the idea of writing something extra about this sub-state memorizing substance.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a particularly boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting a lot of people -- I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets marked the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put myself in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to see the New York Times -- just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem. Or the names of an ancient school analog bought in a molecule market.
And I found that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I would never have expected it to be.
It was fun, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is getting better and more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, chemicals, provided, instantaneous and everyday and hopefully and signal in the eye.
I was really hooked with this.
This is me, using my standard standard team for memory competition.
It's a pair of oranges and a couple of security glasses covered with teeth leaving only two holes, because the distraction.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of participatory journalistic experiment.
I thought this could serve from good electricity for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition -- something that didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary to be put to build memory palms or memorize bloods of nationalism, to benefit with a little bit of processing about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be an innate donor, but it's not the case.
Great memories are education.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deep.
The palm of memory -- these memory techniques, are just attackers.
In fact, they're not even rich attackers.
They work because they make us work.
They form a kind of deep processing, a whole kind of attention that most of us are not going to exercise over there.
But the reality is that there are no rooms.
That's how things get memorial.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today, it's what E. the amazing I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left myself to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our short existence in the Black or iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks on our side. Are we so honoring that we don't even bother to process deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capacities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person who remembers remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we're going to tackle only a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I am from N.D. Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there at home of my parents in a village called Living, and this was my child's bedroom.
On the corner, since my dorm was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a ball that gave the room to be there.
And there all of you spent the rat looking at the television -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everyone looked at me, and every time I was shower and I went back into a towel, everyone looked at me.
And I was like this.
It was tourist, insecure and hated it.
I hated that back, hated that balance, hated that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
Right.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, nor divide of zones -- but of those visual connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we do.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
I mean, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even notice.
That makes us a little naive. And very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I do -- think of power, "station, and democracy."
And I know that you think about it in a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a disaster that is using architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build homes.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build -- the urbanization and the governments are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know will work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Library Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, has a dome -- it has this kind of thing, columns red, red laundry, who let you interview what Lindalis is trying to communicate with this building, the kids, the property values, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library of today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, it finished another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to get together, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the pollen.
On one side is innovation -- architects that constantly drive new technologies, new societies, new solutions for today's life.
We show, we show and we drive so much, we get completely away from people.
Every black -- this depresses us. You think we feel very good, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We have to go on the other side and go back to connect with those appropriate symbols of it.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we feel like transistors -- so we started experimenting again. So we started experimenting back to the back of the back, over and over again. So we've done this in the last 300 years, and of course it is, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we came out of the '70s.
Architects were busy experimenting with the so-called brain.
It has to do with the concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows on the designer scale.
Something really hard.
So we came up at the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the power back into the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that we know and we update them.
We added up and we added papers and we use new materials.
They love them.
We don't give a base.
We take a self-replication and we turn them into skyscrapers that can be medieval charges made of glass.
The forms were and they won in audacity and color.
The standards became columns.
The crisis grew up to the size of buildings.
A crazy.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spent the mouse in commercial centers, we moved into the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasy. They could be to the Mediterranean, the French or the Italian.
Probably with a bread of bread sticks.
This is what happens with police.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they are cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we get memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Toyald.
This is Ohio.
Architectures are frustrated and we started to self-assemble the power again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called deconstruction.
We download the historical symbols, we now have new design techniques with new computer design, and we find new compositions, a few ways that stars against other forms.
This is academic and a crowd, and it's super important. One is completely excluded.
Normally, the purple police of new in the opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Georgian George, from Frank Geep.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Guard said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical, academic and public and public in general, were completely agreed of a building.
The New York Times did this miraculous construction.
The tourism in Bilbao grew up in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings -- Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Congress, Publishing.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical, how can you be able to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was glad around them, and we quickly learned that those forms meant culture and subjects.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the main fluids in the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and subjects.
This phenomenon of beginning of the new millennium, from other stars with other star architects.
I happened to Zakah and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the new millennium, actually started to go through all the architecture, digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about, for example, how you get architecture.
A thousand years ago, they had to have walked up to the next village to see a building.
The transportation stands up, you can take a ship, a plane, can be turing.
The technology accelerates -- you can see in the newspapers, on the television and at the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building is beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere, that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't have a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings more, before I know that I designed four years ago, was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we find buildings like this.
The brutal was not a two-year-old movement.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they wanted.
That will never happen. I think, because we're in the threshold of the greatest revolution in architecture since the invention of the concrete. The steel or the acceleration, and it's the revolution of the media.
My theory is that when you apply the power to the media media, it starts to grab faster and faster, to become in both extremes almost simultaneously, and it is effectively designed the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects and you, the public.
Now we can do almost instant symbols, with emotional charge, of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was inconsided.
This is the center of a village called Pinals in Free Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly like the finished product, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people started to get and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a media medium, because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you made from the building.
And as you use it to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes corruption with collective memory. And by cutting these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell ourselves what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think about a second in those Library librarians.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet to search for new libraries."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, innovation, about what a library can be.
That's musicians.
Municks that can lead to the mayor of Linkarda, to people in Linkeners, and tell you that there's no unique response to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experience it.
Everything is different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use completely greater words and complicated drawings, and you're no longer a depressed audience that doesn't accept something that I haven't seen before.
Architects can listen to you, and you don't leave for architecture.
That means that the deconstructive power of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings in tomorrow will be very different than today's buildings.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seven can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical impactive of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium must be.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because we're finally ready for the shapes that are going to produce.
That means that buildings will be limited to the papers of nature and not.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sport or for golf, or even you can get married at night.
This means three architects can dream of national at the East East in New York City, and raise half a million dollars of the community united around that cause, no longer a client.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion of releases, as musical and ferunce like the animals that are going to see.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more amazing.
We've been waiting for everyone to wish them.
Finally, we're not on the opposite side.
They find an architect and take it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings don't only reflect our society, but they give way up to the smallest spaces, local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the step of the dorm to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my superconductor, Steve.
He just turned out a year and started walking.
And he does it in that cool way, typical of the children in a year -- there, as if his body was moving too quickly for his legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look in the mirror.
She really loves her reflection.
It gets crafted and check, and it gives itself those big and human kiss.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all of your friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and it made me think, "When do you stop doing this?
How is it that we suddenly aren't comfortable with our approach?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "Am I fifth?
This is Fabet, he's 13 years old and lives in Denetic.
And as any teenagers, it just wants to be loved and fit in.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
He's got a little scary. He's a little confused because, despite his mom he tells him all the mouse that is beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends, or school colleagues say, doesn't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of her himself, put it on YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a commerce, "Am I nice or fifte?
Well, until now, Facebook has gotten over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so uncompromise, which doesn't even deserve the penis thinking about them.
We talked about a healthy teenager, normal, current, getting these answers in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life emotionally.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what's driving them to do this?
Well, teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, carrying, giving "I like -- commercializing, share, publishing, this never ends.
Never before we've been so connected, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother told me, "It's like a party in his fourth every night.
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are implanted.
This environment, of being always connected, is adding our children to self-organized based on the number of "I like they have and the kinds of comments that they get.
There's no divide between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what it's real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what's disconnected digitally.
What is the most destiny thing in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are pure the news of the girls of now.
The cell models continue to dominate our passions.
The tech technique is now a routine now.
And trends like -- attack, Katrina, British and Broadmoor.
For those of you who know, hurricane means profitation.
These trends are associated from women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see how young people behave.
But the kids are not immune to this.
Like the supermarket star stars and the breadthen sings.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and be individually balanced.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other things begin to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see enough enough.
These are not trivial activity.
They are fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as contributions to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class. They avoid engaging in the classroom, because they don't want to call the attention for their physical appearance.
One out of five are not assigned at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the season season, if you don't think you see that good enough, especially if you don't think you're disappeared enough, you will get a little note to the average of your fellow who don't worry about the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it goes regardless of what they actually weigh these young people.
So, to be clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on your body is devising academic performance.
And it's also driving health.
Teenagers with self-replication make less physical activity, eat less fruits and vegetables, participate in more non-visual diet that can take them to a food demonstration.
They have low self-esteem.
They are more easily influenced by the people who surround them and are at greater risk of depression.
And we think that's all of this for what they make more risky decisions like alcohol and drug consumption and dramatic drivers, aesthetic surgery, sex relationships to early ages and without protection and solid damage.
The search of the perfect body is pressure to the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have subject again, regardless of whether or not they have greater rates of answer.
17 percent of women don't present to a work interview in one day where they don't feel safe with the way they look like.
Think for a moment about what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be?"
Learning this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, by itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms. The first one is that we have to include trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect imagery and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are a lot of programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs interested -- without realizing the situation.
So we have to make sure that the program that we follow our children will not only have a positive impact but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas. The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are corrective parts for any willing to provide an education in body self-replication that works.
An education is fundamental -- but facing this problem requires each one of us to take the rivers in the issue, and we're a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
They challenge the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell you about the contribution of our politicians in the corner of hair or the size of their chest, or the size of the determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not because they look like.
All of us can begin to do it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time a mirror was broken?
In summary, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to really change our culture, so that our children grow up value all of their people, valuing the individual, the diversity, the increase.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a pedestrian.
For making a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones that come out on the big screen because we will only create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where they believe that they are never going to be who they are, or achieving what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your life.
Who are in mind?
How does it happen?
Your sister to your sister?
How does her daughter?
Your supermarket? Do you have your friend?
It might simply be the woman who is two seats. What would it mean for her if he was released from that self-replicating voice in her interior, he stopped by not having long legs -- the more skinny, a more flat behavior, a smaller field."
What would it mean for her, if we overcome this and we would say the reduction of his potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with the images is giving us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let me show you that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and because they make us feel.
We include self-replication in our schools of our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and we compare other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small journey of a year of today, they become agents of secure change in themselves tomorrow.
So let's do it.
On November 4, 1990, a gentleman named Steven November entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Merger Kayo, the leader of the Leader of Defense Law.
To November they initially decoded it, but being prisoners for other smaller charges in the company of others, they started planning attacks to about 12 icons in New York, including tunnels, synapses and the United Nations.
Fortunately, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant report.
Sadly, the bottom of 1993 in the World Trade Center, couldn't be avoided.
Later November would be convicted by his participation in that attention.
Steven November is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being a Egyptian engineer, with a lovely American mother, elementary school, the two made all the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam that very few of the Muslims, including most Muslims, come to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact -- don't require a lot to get to wish the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human group, there is always a little fraction of people that are so really supported to their connections that think that you have to use all the media that everyone lived like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained to me that in the last few weeks, he and some friends, they had been going to throw training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Carlen pile pollen that, without knowing our group, was set by the FBI.
When I took to the top, my father helped me hold the ritual in the shoulder, and he explained to me how to point the target at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that shoot I gave to the little orange light on the goal, and for a surprise of all, especially me, the whole goal in flames.
My uncle turned to the other and in Arabic, he said, "I wished "Audience: "Buddha.
As a parent, such a son.
The comment was produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a matched with 700 pounds of explosion in the underground parking of the North Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and went to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
And I called them "mom a "mom."
When I was 19, I had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable close to somebody near someone was time to start and go to another city.
As I always was the new face of the classroom with frequency that was marketing victim.
I kept secret my identity to avoid being the white -- but it will be the new of the class, quiet and region, was enough.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I did not develop social skills, to say it supernoversive? So I was not prepared for the real world.
They educate me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they put to test my thinking was during presidential elections of 2000.
In a predictional program that I participate in the Japanese National Convention in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been a victim of marriage most of my life, was something that felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different crafts.
One day, to the end of the convention I discovered that one of the guys who had been making friendships was Jew.
I took several days going to the light this detail and realized that there was no animation between the two.
I never had a Jewish friend, and I was very proud to be able to select the barrier that all life had been made me believe that it was inevitable.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a distance park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental to the development of my character.
The whole life had been taught me that homosexuality was a sin and for extension, all the homes were bad influence.
For chance, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critical and less critical that I had seen in life.
Having been accused by a kid, developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat loved people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a kid, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how that is being humorous, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then the Daily Shoe.
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest to my international, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with the character.
In many ways he became my father's figure at a time when I was desperately needed.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected -- and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extraordinary, was not in a wind.
And one day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that will keep in my heart forever while she's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with unfolding dominances and said, "I'm tired of hope."
At that point, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred inside your inside.
My real name is not Zakaha Bradly.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship to my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put me in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I have done it because I hope someone -- some day, who is trying to bring violence, I can hear my story and understand that there is a better path. That although I was invited to this violent and intellectual ideology.
Instead, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against properties.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and their loved ones, because the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
For the victims of the terrorism to speak to those actions without meaning, as I reject my father's actions.
With this simple sense of me here as evidence that violence is not inherent to no religion or race.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a film that is projected in their minds.
It's an incredible multi-resonance movie.
It's in 3D and it has surface sound of what you hear and you see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has an army, taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure plastic.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood are projected by your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice in your conscious thinking stream.
The heart of the movie are you who experience everything in direct direction.
This film is your conscience, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of the human being.
Each one of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie itself, tea, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness itself.
I'm not sure you're aware of.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we were not aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films, right?
Why are we not just robots that are processing what we receive to produce results without experiencing the international movie?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible.
Science, by nature, is goal.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for most of the 20th century, I predict that vision.
psychology studied the behavior obviously, the neuroscience studied the brain objectively but never mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
And neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsy said, "Now it's the moment for science to address consciousness."
And since then, there was a real bang, a funding of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of consciousness in recent years was search for correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansas did a few minutes ago.
We now understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or happy feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explain.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I would like to explain it by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answer some questions that we want to explain the consciousness.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
Not offend the neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't tackle the true central mystery of this material, why is all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a sub-shaped movie?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the beaters, like hydrogen, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical executions are all cases of emerging behaviors, how the bureaucrats operate -- how hydrogen works, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce, they adapt and metabolization living organisms -- all of them are questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon. How we walk, how we talk about, how we play chess -- everyone is questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are between easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why every behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the service, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, doesn't really have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the authority that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end I came to the conclusion that it didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we climb at this point.
We have a value of wonderful explanations, great -- we used to this -- physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness right now, it's kind of a anonymous, something that we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at the beginning seem crazy before you can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Your crazy idea is that there is no such difficult problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or conference.
Actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions -- the behaviors of the brain -- and so everything you need to do is explain.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductive consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental literatures, space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These laws and properties don't explain in terms of anything else.
Instead, they become fundamental and the world is constructed.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is standing.
In the 19th century, Mahamal discovered that the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts in terms of fundamental concepts space, space, time, new laws of Newton -- then I put the basic laws of the electromagnetic and put the electrical burden as a fundamental concept that the laws rule.
I think that's the situation we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain the consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas of presented, space, time, mass charge, then for the sake of logic -- you have to get away the list.
The most natural thing would be possible as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens up the path to drive it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we can get in a remains.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws that we can get in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Each system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision is sometimes called paralyzed pandemics, "Paper for all, penistral for all, every single system is conscious, not only humans, the dogs, the mice, the mosques, even the microbes of Rob King, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or think.
It's not that a picture can be full of analysis when he thinks "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the roofs?
No, so no.
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of raw feeling, subtle, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How did anyone think something so crazy?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, is natural to assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to be infrared, it's much less for people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuous with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relate to thinking about the physical process, is to link awareness with information.
Now whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
Interesting information processing, like a human being, complex consciousness.
So process of simple information, simple consciousness.
Something really exciting is that in recent years a neuroscience, Jilite Tony, I took this kind of theory and development it right with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called philanthropy, which measures the degree of information in a system.
And I assume it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's a incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of phase, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a degree of information integration in a mouse, which is pretty significant, which is pretty significant -- pretty important awareness.
But when you get to the functions, microbes. particles, the prison of the philosopher.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In the Toxic theory, there will still be a level of different cerebral awareness.
I actually propose a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of phase, high degree of consciousness.
In addition, another reason is that parallels can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
The physicists and the philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but we don't talk about the reality that underlies below.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where does the fire of the equations?
From periphelestic vision the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not found outside the physical world as a kind of addiction.
It's right in the center.
This vision, I think, the pandemic vision, has the potential to transform our relationship to nature, and it can have social consequences and ethical consequences.
Some can be injury.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I had to be a vegetarian.
If you're a pandemic and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hungry.
I think that thinking about it, this tends to transform your visions while what matters in ethical terms and moral consequences, not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Sartlada artificial intelligence system in the movie "Hara!
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of paralyzed information, she has a complicated information processing process, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, they are planning very serious ethical problems about the ethics of development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of dropping them.
Finally, you can ask by the awareness of complete collective connections, the planet.
Canada has his own consciousness?
Or a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk -- right now, we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this whole group of TED, different from the internal movies of every single part?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should be serious.
So this view paradox, it's a radical view, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer to the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental -- that of the second one that is universal.
The vision asks a lot of questions, a lot of challenges, like how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love them.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we're finally going to find it out.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural town in Victoria.
It had a very normal profile, a low exercise of education.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I was fighting with my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to join a prize of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's really nice, but there is an obvious problem.
She hasn't got any nothing."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile on my mother's package, and spent a lot of time looking at the Books Salaman and "Dadies Creation."
Yeah, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability out of the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Meladdosar, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 class of legal studies a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when will you give your discussion?
And I said, "What discussion?
Well, I had been talking to you about the law of discipline for some good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair chairs, they talk about inspiring things in school?
"Now generally, in the act of actions."
And it was then when I realized, this kid had had experience with people with disabled people with disabilities.
And we are not. And it's not a blame of the boy, I mean, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our management.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair -- and probably you're waiting for them to inspire you. Right?  Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to declaration striking.
I'm not here to inspire them.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied to the disability.
Yes, we have sold the lie that disability is a bad thing, to the map, M.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you exceptional.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make it exceptional.
And in the last few years, we have been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
Or this one: "Your excuse is invented?
Or this one: "Before I go off, it is intrigued."
These are just a couple of examples, but there is a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the home without hands drawing with a pencil stuck by the mouth.
You may have seen a kid who runs with prostituted cardiarchs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the porn term deliberately -- because they consider a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we considered the disabled discussions of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so that we can see it and think, "Well, for very bad that my life might be worse.
I could be that person."
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the account of the number of times that have been telling me strange to express that they think I'm brave or a source of inspiration, and this happened to before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to wake up the morning and remember my own name.  And this is considering.
These images, those images consider people with disability in benefit of people without disabilities.
They're there for you to see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We have some things.
But the things that we use is not the things that you can think of.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term people who are distributed, deliberately because I surprised the social model of disability that tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of your ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They are simply using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to consider them in the way we do that, by sharing those pictures?
When people say to us, "You're a source of inspiration?
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here by blocking the inspiration and you think, "Oh God, you're not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all times.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
Learning that this is a cool idea to use a few barriers of barrier to pick up the things that they fall down.  I learned the trick of the trick of how to load the battery of the cell phone in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis but against a world that excuses and costs us.
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the greatest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude: the reason that that's lying is because it's not true, because the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles on a standard of stairs has never done that it becomes a branch.
Never.   South to a television screen will not make the instruments for deaf people.
Nor a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and instilling a positive attitude to convert all those books to the branch.
It's simply not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching Budaine the Valley Salaman: Does not be considered by nothing to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get out of the bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where a 11-year-old boy in a high school in Meladdo is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair of wheelchair.
Disability doesn't make us exceptional, but question what you think you know about it is that it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football formally.
And what is the average speed of a without cheap?
Unfortunately, today just answer one of those questions, so please don't disappear.
When people think about augmented reality, think about "Minority Republican, and in Tom Cross driving hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happens because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and cell phone.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step is what I wear posture, the Google Glasses.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glasses are a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is being a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game field at 100 miles a blood blocking the ears.
We can know that it feels that a 130-year-old man presents us, trying to break up with all of her being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass, under the helmet and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NFL practices, because the idea of the NFL of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface -- but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kuha. Come on.
It's horrible to be straight.
A moment. Let's zoom into a little bit.
Prepared?
Go!
Chris Kung: As you can see, it's a predictable of what is being taken in the football field, from the perspective of the train.
You may have realized that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them from the University of Washington.
Marielle from field." Rathers 45, Rathership 45.
Blue 8, Blue Eight." Go!
Chris Kuha. This is a little bit more likely to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NASA.
Fantastic fans want that experience.
Fails want to be in the field, to be their favorite players and have asked me on YouTube and Twitter -- you can see from the angle of a field of field.
Or from a currency?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with GPS and Google Glass, how do we get from flat, how do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Economists Right, which is probably many of you already know.
The Economist Rick has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap word.
And I'm going to teach you why, with this video.
Man: Oh oh.
No, no, no, I don't want to keep playing playing." "No."
Oh my God! Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a sub-Saharan mountain looking for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record a video of Adam Peter crossing the line, getting rid of a tablet with the arm before they run and do an antibiotics? What to be the experience of a fantastic.
When I can be Messicus running down the corner, throwing the bullet at the bottom of the network, or Fed doing a shoe in William?
What will your experience be when you wake up from a mountain to over 100 miles as a Alzheimer's screen?
Maybe you increase the pain sales for adults.
But this is still not augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, R.
How do we reach the augmented reality, Red."
We will reach the augmented reality when the transportations, the mobile and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parts?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here is a brief report about technology at NASA.
In 1965, the Palms of Baltimore put a little bit to their field based to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, NASA placed radio in the cases of the field maps and then in the defense.
They had more spectacles because it was faster, more intervened.
In 2014, imagine you're a player coming back to your group and you see your next player shown in front of you, in a plastic vision that you wear poster -- you don't have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react up.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose participants, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose parties you have a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual storyteller manual.
And augmented reality is also a way of collecting information and using it in real time to improve your partnership.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from how high people are down.
You also get information from the sensors of the helmet and the accelerometer.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will know to send it.
The bad ones will have information superconductor.
This would tell the good teams of bad equipment.
So your team of computer will be as important as your retrospective, and data analysis will stop being just for nerves.
Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that you're the field of field.
You get the bullet and back.
You look for an open receptor -- all of a sudden, a flash on the left part of your bombsight -- you would see that a defense behind you is going to attack you, normally, you wouldn't see it, but the river system is living up.
Advances to the protection area.
Another flap is seeing you there's an open recipe.
You toss the ball, but you give you.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in his bombsight an area of grass that lights and can modify the career.
It approaches, the ball and runs and antibodies.
The audience includes and the fans have followed the player from each angle.
This is something that creates a massive emotion in the game.
I will make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
Fails want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of sports, because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and city, as our usual entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally being somewhere else's place.
We know what this technology is worth the sports languages.
It generates billions of revenues a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom, trying to show you a abuse how dances are your actions from the perspective of the victim."
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how to be personally?
How much is it also for a Commandment Cambridge or a Neil Delay Tester trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of sterile notes and Karschemer: and Karscheminessis.
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions we do, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face and the challenges that we face, depend as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retire after 23 years of service at the High Pattern of California.
And most of those 23 years I happened to kick up the South Mars County of Marine, including the Golden Gate.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and his architectural style inspiring.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gates Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Stars, an engineering boss of building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is basically a subjective test.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical nor processing."
But from their openness, over 1,600 people have jumped into their death since that bridge.
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension -- this bridge has been invited as such as the such one of your concerns and pain, and the waters that go under clean up your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one front of four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 100 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bone, some of which are performing vital organs.
Most of them die in impact.
Those of you who don't normally gather in the ineffective water, and then they squeeze it.
I don't think that the ones who understand this method of suicide is realizing the death map that they will face.
This is the cable.
Except around the two tower, there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people do before they take their lives.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at its darker time, it's very hard to bring it back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an official contributing his life.
I want to tell you the joy that we were successful that day in bringing it back to the barrier.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We struggled to channel the path through these flames.
This was not just a bad service to those who contemplating suicide, but the officers as well.
We've taken a long way since then.
Today, set offices and psychologists train the new offices.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it June 22 last year when I got a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the heart near the center.
And I said, and when I came in, I looked at Jason talking to a Great Gates officer.
Jason was only 32 years old, and had flown up here since New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here two times before New Jersey, to try to get suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason and asked if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
Recognizing the Greek mythology Zealand, Zealand created Pander, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "Look, never open that box."
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pander, and she opened the box.
She came out of it, paintings, and all sorts of bad against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked, "What happens if you open the box and there's no hope?
He stopped a few instances, leaned on the right, and he left.
This young and smart man in New Jersey, just removed life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, I didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the rabbi of the family called me to see how it was.
Japanese parents had been asking him.
The collaborative damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved was suffering?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, not just to talk, but you have to listen to.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, films, or tell the person who you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the inflection point they need.
If you think that someone is substantial, you're not afraid to confront them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is: Others in similar circumstances have been thinking about their life -- have you had these thoughts?
Control the person in front of them can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to search for despair, believe that things are terrible, and they're never going to improve. It is impact, believing that there's nothing you can do about it -- recent social insulation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19 of this year, and he wrote me this email just a couple of days, and it's with his permission and benefit that I read them.
"Hi, Kevin Keeping. I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends telling your friends, and so on.
I'm still pretty inequity, but I notice more moments to realize that Mike will not really go home.
Mike was driving from Petrolence to San Francisco to see the 49 with his father on January 19th.
It never got there.
I called the Petro police, and I reported it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two official officers came to my house and reported me that Mike of Mike was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen him jump from the bridge at 17,000 of the late day of the day.
Thank you so much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who has not been before bad without suffering a true mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with your struggle.
GDP, the Golden Gates Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bar, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Victorian.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and turn the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call by a potential subject on the top of the bridge near the northern tower.
I drove my engine on the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing in the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he grew up the barrout, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over the time and a half, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day to go back to that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, the happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I said, "What did it make you go back and give you hope and life other chance?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You listen to me.
I let you talk and just listen to it."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to show you.
"Dear Merris British -- nothing to erase the events of March 11 and you are one of the reasons Kevin continues with us.
And honestly, I think Kevin was clear by help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly medicated.
I went to Kevin when I was only six months months, completely unconscious of all those heart traits -- but thank God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We give God for you.
It's just in debt with you, Narratha Berkeley."
And at the end, she wrote, "D." When I visited the San Francisco Hospital that night, you would figure out like the patient.
"I know I had to solve it."
Today, Kevin is an active father and a metal member of society.
He talks about the events of that day and his depression with the hope that his story will inspire others.
The suicide is not just something that I've found in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather is suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing your own pain, I steal the opportunity to know it.
This is what suicide.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide.
They just want their own pain to end.
Usually this is achieved only in three ways, sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and have been involved in hundreds of mental illness and cultures around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason Jack.
The other one was a man who spoke about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final approach, I looked at me, and he said, "Jeep, sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Hurricane, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people that we get to contact in that bridge don't support themselves.
In addition, those few people who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and that you can talk about it, that one or two or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one they left the barrier realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't only connect Maria with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that every single one of us should be striving to do.
The suicide can prevent.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you what you're not, but in your interior you know what you are, and a question is drawn to you. How do you become that?
I have to be something only in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that finally had achieved the dream that I had ever since.
My exterior finally confronted with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, which I'm going to refer to later, when I look at this picture I think -- German gets -- you get it, you got it.
But the October, I discovered that, perhaps, I'm starting to go.
We all simply silk our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of flew to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or by the beliefs of those who surround us.
These are people who always challenge the status which, what is considered to be accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, my agent, ignored my story.
I think this is called revealing.
This is the mine.
They recorded me as a kid at birth.
I remember my five years in Los Pickues, in my house, I always carried this shirt on the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that shirt on your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew how to self-assemble.
The gender has always been considered an unbelievable fact, but now we know that, really, it's something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never shared my story, not because I thought it will be a bad thing, but how the world is dealing with those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day I appreciate being a woman.
I have mom, dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist discovery of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess of the stories.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was standing in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still wore man, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of a construction beauty consumer.
That night she asked, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty consumer?
He told me that if she participated she would be recorded from the species of instruction and the weapons, and that night, he won in a bathroom suit, he won in ball break and he had a third finance between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside of the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was from the beauty of beautiful women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the devices, especially when we went to remote provinces of Los Pinals.
But more important than all that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom who moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they approved my request of the green card that I could go to the United States.
I was responding.
I said to my mother, "Mommy, I'm having fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty resistance."
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know that if you move the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender.
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I put two to my name.
She also accompanied me when I opened in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand do the most prestigious and sophisticated and safe surgery.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the General name and the Febriot of female gender.
It was a great time.
For some people, their identity of identity means to be able to drive or be able to get a drink, but for me it was the license to live, to feel digital.
Suddenly, my fears looked minimizes.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be a model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman in the Almina Networks.
A young woman in New York who actively lived his truth, but he described, he ended up ending her life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All of the 20 in November we do a global virus by the Commercial Day of the Transition.
I'm on this stage because of a long story of people who fight and stood up to the injustice.
These are Marshall P.C. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't continue to live my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposing me, so that there are no more video than 20 of Novembers.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Southern Schulan, a quick question.
George Rock of -- see, first of all, thank you all my benefits.
To my support network, my parents especially, to my family, who itself is very strong.
I remember all of the times I have attended to young women who have been trained, who I have heard, and sometimes when I was called, and they told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, I was calling my mom and said, "Mom, can you call this woman?"
Sometimes it worked, other no. It's just the identity of gender, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
That is, to all of us are assigned a gender at birth, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table that sometimes that matter of not paralyzed, and there should be a space that would allow people to address -- and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transitional movement is initiating compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
There should be understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and ask questions, and I hope all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies -- the parents generally know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Mall started his campaign by defending his rights in 2007. And when their efforts were holding their efforts in 2011, when he took the Native National Prize of peace, he became very famous, a very popular girl in her country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you get a look at the history of humanity, the story of women is the history of injustice.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when you were born a girl, your birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not sentence, not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes to the mother and no happy to the father.
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a child.
When I give birth to the first girl, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When I give birth to the second daughter, he confests, and with the hope of a son, when he was holding his third daughter, he feels guilty like a criminal.
Not only is the mother suffered, but the daughter -- the daughter who was born, when he grows up, he suffers as well.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, he stays home, and the school admit to his siblings and school.
Up to the age of 12 years, somehow, it has a good life.
You can fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when he comes into adolescence, when he comes to 13 years when he comes out of his house without a male gravity.
He's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the name of his father and his brothers and her family, and if he transports the code of that honor question, he could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this cost of honor code, not only affects the life of a girl, also affects the lives of male male members as well.
So this brother, sacrificed the spaces of his life and happiness of her sisters in the name of the honest question.
And there's a norm more of the patriarchal societies which is called a predator.
A good girl must be very quiet, very humble and very supply.
It's the critic.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and that accepts the decisions of their father and mother and decisions of the elderly -- even if it doesn't want it.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or do it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a health head.
If you run it very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it destructive.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poster, "The house, they engage it, and then give birth to more children and daughters.
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, it increased the same lesson of abuse to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle goes on and on.
You loved brothers and sisters, when Maldives, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the news born, to be honest, but when I was there and I looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt very honored.
And a lot before I was born, I thought about her name, and he was fascinated with a legendary fishery of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Mali from Madagascar, and he called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at it, everyone was men, and I grabbed my fluid, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote, "Malaway."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half, he admired her in my school.
You know, why should I mention the administration of a girl in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
They can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, is a huge event for girls' life.
Instead of a school means the recognition of your identity and your name.
An administration to school means that it's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was completing the Canadian vision, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the approaches of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or his daughters, thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and assistant of my daughter.
I was encouraged to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged it to go with me to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to discuss them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malaway.
I've made all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I use education for employer.
I taught my daughters, taught students, to forget the lesson of the obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the self-replication call.
You wanted brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we found to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called tattoo.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political activities, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use values and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the girls who were closed and the killed.
They suffer millions, but a few talking, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and continue when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Malaway went up and raised by the right to education.
He wrote a diary for the BBC blog of the BBC, he offered herself for the documentary of the New York Times, and he talked about every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
As a climate around the world.
And that was why the Taliban could not tolerate their campaign and October nine.
It was a particular day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
While my daughter was depending between life and death, I whispered my wife to my wife, "Should I blame why I happened to my daughter to your daughter?
And it immediately said, "Please, don't blame you.
It defined the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of the truth, because of the cause of peace, and the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired by you and you joined you.
Both of them were on the right path and God protect.
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawa was in the hospital and had severe pain pains, and strong headaches of head because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread on the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained about.
I used to say, "I'm good with my sleep stopping and the environment in my face.
I will get good. Please don't worry.
It was a constant for us, and we were consumed.
You want brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women -- is like any 16 year-old girls.
He cried when he doesn't end his homework.
You fight with your siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my tutoring that has been so audacious to Malawa so brave and expressive and extinct?
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut your wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Molan group of Google, where I've had a divide to my burden -- the diagnosis of Google X, but all the work I'm talking today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside of my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you join a brain operation.
Are you just as smart or not?
If you will not be like this, can you be smart.
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscience.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mix of chemistry, and try to get them to continue to keep alive.
More than once I was saved by a bit.
But thankfully, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there is really no of a clear map that says it in detail.
I started to test with different mixes, and I was surprised by seeing how little changes in the dose changed dramatically my asteroid, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case, for a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a self-replication man, and I was amazed by seeing how my thoughts would change.
I was always funny, I thought all the time in sex, and I believed that it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've known a number of guys like this, or maybe some of the adding versions of it.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying to be trying to fix a problem that had the front, and it simply doesn't happen like this.
So, I couldn't handle it.
I changed my doses.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men, and what they have to go through.
What I tried to do -- when I adjust those hormones and neuroscience and so on, I was to regain my intelligence after the disease and the operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
And I tend to think about almost always in images, and that became my key performance point -- how do I get those mental imagery that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to try and test new ideas and recreate situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
Philips like Humb, Descartes and Hobble see things like this.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
There are people who question this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works. For me it's simple for most of us, mental imagery is fundamental for creative and invention thinking.
So after several years, I managed to find the right point and I have lots of great mental manufactures, really visually, well sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental imagery from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what happened if a movie director was able to use your imagination just to steer the world that has the front?
Or could a musician extract music from his head?
There's amazing possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments conducted by two groups in neuroscience.
Both of them used MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance -- to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Girl Gandans and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scanning of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the scanning of the brain of that same individual as you imagine, seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created by reading the contents of the central column on the left. You see that the difference is almost nuclear.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar result.
The difference between seeing an image and figuring out that same image is almost nuclear.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is from Jack Galapago lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brain waves into recovery visual fields.
Put it in this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scanning their brains to create a huge range of brain reactions to video sequence.
And then I showed you a movie with new images, new people, new animals, and while so much a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan to show you what seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computer definitions, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This gave us breaths.
We are well close to doing it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image and when you imagine that same picture, you create in your brain the same map.
This was led to the breakthrough system of brain scanning systems available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
We now need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are a lot of techniques to do it.
One is to open up the skull and introduce electrodes together.
I don't offer for that.
Many of them are proposing new projection techniques by images, even me. Tell the recent result of the IMF, we should first ask the next question, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets but to this point, bigger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution -- not increase for thousands of them.
I propose this idea, instead of bigger magnets -- make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different architectures, like making an spirit.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a huge amount of effort at the MRI were to make a really big picture, right?
However, most recent advances in the record of ingenuity and brilliant solutions in computing and deconstruction, in the transmission and frequency records of the FM radio frequency in the MRI systems.
At the same time, instead of a magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns attached to the FM radio frequencies.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the price processing of the FM radio prescription, we can increase the information that you can extract in one scanner.
In addition, we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using the IMF we should be able to measure not only the fluid of blood blood, but the hormones and neutrons that I've mentioned and maybe even direct neural activity -- this is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go over the language and communicate directly through the thought?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irrelevant to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few more choices than opening this door.
Anyway, they pick up a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that taking a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have a period.
Your seat may be telling you some person for the first time you love it or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have gone through in life.
Everything is a difficult conversation, and although our issues can be varied, the experience of having lived and having gone out of that surround is universal.
It's afraid, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I worked at the South Side Warmou Couple, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages from the self-replication members -- I don't have to record my ancestors, to quote the letters of Ann D France as a letter.
And I will be aware of that for the money of my short screen, and I had afforded my head so recently, I would usually ask a little kid, "Hey, are you a kid or a girl?
And it appears an awkward silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a lab leave.
The father would immediately run the newspaper and the mother would launch a cold look at her son.
But I would not say anything, and I would boil inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a kid between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that the next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a kid or a girl?
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and I was about to go into the female issues on the table.  I had Betty Friedman.
Global Stevenson quote.
Even a picture of the "Vagina Monologues," I would show you.
So I breathe the way and I lowered the look and my backs a four year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist flow, just a girl with a question, "Are you a kid or a girl?
And so I breathe back and forth, I stood up close to her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confidence.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I saw a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable period.
Well, I'm more about the girl of a complete piece."
And that girl looked at me and I looked at attention, and he said, "My favorite pajamas.
Can you give me a park, please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the pandemic I ask?
It was the hard conversation of everyone ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the park and I, both of us were honest with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some persons in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be an architects.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what the walls are.
You just know how one feels like living in a closet.
It's like my seat is not different to your year or your yours or your own.
Sure, I will give you 100 reasons why I'm going to go out of my closet, it was harder than coming out of your own, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that explaining someone who has been declared in broken bank is harder than saying that it's been been beaten?
Who can tell me that this story is more difficult than saying to your five year-old son who are going to divide?
There's no more difficult thing, only the hard thing.
We need to stop climbing what is difficult with respect to what is difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse relative to our performances and we need to only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in the person, and they may make sense of security, or at least safer than the other side of the door offers the other.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what their walls are, a seal is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress.
It wasn't the military legacy prepared to fight any four year-old child who would enter the coffee.
I was frozen by fear, running in a corner of my dark seat by putting my grave by my grave, and moving only a muscle is the most admiritive thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my life that my entire life was trying to not decide it, and now the world would turn back to purpose now.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't toss that grave, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable launches was on the wedding of my sister.
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that it was gay, and by making my honor damage, in my black dress and taxes, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who knew me about years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women said, "I love Nathan Langle."
And the battle of the gay story had begun.
"Above, ever in the Carter?
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fabulous."
"And you know my Asian state?
It's very good and never talked about having a nine."
"Ah, what is your favorite TV show.
Our favorite program? Will the Grace and Grace program.
And you know who we love it? Jack.
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, described but in waiting to show desperately his support, to make me know that he was on my side, he finally said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink states."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the launchers of gravity.
Surely, it might have been easy to indicate where they felt listed.
It's not very hard to find it and realize the fact that they were writing about.
And what else can you ask someone, but will you strike?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
This is how hard conversations continue to be my strong point.
Ask anybody I have come out.
But I'm better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Galapagos Girl.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but they understand that what it implies out of any seat is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the arms. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be general, others have to know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be directly. Just give it. Raise your paper.
If you know they're gay -- to give it.
If you say to your parents that maybe you could be gay, they will keep the hope that that might change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  They leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of them can come up with sure, discover why they have done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel disconnected, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in a direct sea by getting a free, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Bolly. Enjoy the salary.
Intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has seen the intelligence, a productive example has been the famous quote of Edinburgh Dicker that "The question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim."
When Edinburgh Dishelface wrote, this did it as a criticism to the pictures of computing like Alan Turkey.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a walk.
First, let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you're from an alien race that you don't know about the biology of the Earth or neuroscience of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes and you can look at Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that doesn't have any concept about the Earth, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that will explain how, to a certain moment in time, the asteroids that develop the surface of a planet miracle stop doing it.
And so I claims that this is the same question that you can understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I analyzed a variety of topics through science through various disciplines. I think, I think, to a single mechanism underlying intelligence.
In cosmology -- for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be ultimately admitted to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so by taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for a number of years now, there is a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different themes?
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of one and --  -- to the intelligence I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force, F. that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep open choices, with a T force, with the diversity of possible future access -- yeah, to an impending time time, take it.
In a nutshell, the intelligence doesn't like to stay closed.
Intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, having in account this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How productive is it?
Does human intelligence predict?
Does artificial intelligence predict?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that universes who produce more destroyed, or "release, during their life should have trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that connection cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy -- but actually emerges directly from her?
In order to figure out, we've developed a software engine called And Designed, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system where it finds inside.
Sort of anticipation, Interpretation could go through multiple animal intelligence, play human games, and even make money by eating actions, all without that it would have been told doing that.
Here are some examples of Allie in action.
Like a human foot human, here we see An Allie balancing automatically by using a card.
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave An Antarctica a goal.
He simply decided for her to balance the position.
This balance of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability to use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate from extremes of a rope at the same time to release the food, here we see that Alberging can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Interface is widely applicable to a variety of dominance.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a pollination game against itself, smoking their potential for the game.
Here we see Allie Aristotle new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly disconnected and keeps successful the Web well.
This same network of network organization also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see And And we see Allie organizing the routes of a ship fleet and finding success and using the Panama Canal to extend their scope from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, Internet is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Allie essentially discover and execute a business strategy, soldiers, in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully, increasing the assets under their exponential management.
This risk of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Bibachies? What you've seen is that a variety of marks of smart cognitive behaviors such as tools use, walking upright and social cooperation, everybody is leading from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
So let's go back to the beginning of the terrorist term use, the work "Red -- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion, there would be a circulating refuge.
Machines will be lifted against us.
One of the greatest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had all the concept of the cyber rebellion to the investment.
It's not that machines first become smart and then general generations, and they try to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually emerge to take control, rather than the trade.
Another important consequence is the search for target.
I often ask myself, "How do you look for goals to leave this kind of ship?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence or help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We are at a point of influence in human history, something between the conquer of stars and losing the planet we call "the home."
Although, in the last few years, we have been amazing our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The Kepler Mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which is that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures lucky intensity of the stars when planets go ahead of them, and block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of the planets besides the distance that there is between them and their stem star.
In fact, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocket like planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they receive from their sun.
At the same time, this gives you clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this teacher of potentially reflecting worlds, our own planet is contributing under the weight of humanity.
The 2010 was the most hot recorded.
Glaciers and sea ice that have been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused on the global scale have supported our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no astronomy.
I study the subject of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the investment sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more you look for similar planets on Earth, the more enjoy of our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the recent planet discovered and the planets that we know best -- the of our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rocket, and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially habitable world showing this by a mission like the Kepler the Kepler Berkeley.
In fact, it is possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our roles like the curve are tracking their surface for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the Mall mission, take samples from the market atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has lost his support.
The private companies now offer not just short space flights but also the temptation of living on Mars.
But even though all these marketing imagery remind us of the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the fantastic ideas and pigeons, compared to the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the democratic areas of our planet that still remain to collect, places really extended compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and highest places on the Earth, the air is fresh and so full of oxygen exhausted by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planet planets, with a big and sad planet, the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect to save us from this infected survival of the only planet that we know is really reflective, the Earth.
For a lot that I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm deep disagree with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but say Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the Pakistan captain will eat us that the party of truth will have place later in the wild boat.   Thank you.
But the goals for the intellectual exploration and the land preservation don't contribute.
No, they are actually faces of the same model, the goal of understanding, to preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world are like extraterrestrial pandemics.
They're just closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in hostile areas and Earth's installations, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the February paradox.
Many years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi asked me about the fact that our universe has been for a long time, and we hope that there are a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of extraterrestrial life until now.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider to continue to live between the stars, they lose the notion of how important the origin of planets started this development.
It's arrogant to think that only intellectual colonization will save us from ourselves, but the planetary preservation and the interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to empower the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the subjective on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were on the dining table, where I had them.
So quickly tried to open all the other doors and windows and they were all well closed.
I thought of calling a cell, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a surgeon could take a lot of time to come in, and I went cold.
I couldn't go back home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning, and I was precisive from my passport.
It would be expensive, but I sure not more expensive than a ceremony in the middle of the night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I was very strong.
I'm a professional neuron and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Learning current that increases cardiac rhythm, models of adrenaline and non-profit thinking.
And when I got to the photograph show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleeping.
And I started wondering, if there was something I could do, systems that could put in its place, that prevent bad things happening.
Or at least if bad things happen, they minimize the probability that it is a total catastrophe.
So I got thinking about that, but even a month later, my thoughts didn't crime.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kahraha, won from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed I was talking about the window, and that I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called a processing report.
It's something that he learned from psychologist Gary Kelhi, who had written from this a few years earlier, known as the problem.
They all know what the police is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the primary, as Daniel says, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that you could go wrong, then you try to figure out what you can do to prevent things or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you is from some things that we can do in the form of a primary.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, I will give up a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds like common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this teacher, based on how our space memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called a hypotheticist, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the fish are, where the fish are, that locations the fruit trees and the friendship trees and the enemy.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that goes into the languages of London.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the specific sense of the journalists, and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use the skeleton, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing car keys and reading and passions.
So at home they drop a place for keys, a hook alongside the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular clip.
For their reading games, a particular message.
If you take a place and you're structured with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about the travels?
Take with the cell phone a picture of your credit card -- license of driving, passion, send it by your mail to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or treating them, this can facilitate the superconductor.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you are under stress, the cerebral releases brain.
Curiosity is toxic and energy thinking.
So part of the raw practice is to recognize that under stress, we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put systems on your site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved one, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is growing up as a profession for all of us to make medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which a rational assessment of the facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high.
Everybody knows that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attacks the heart, brain dropping.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the culture, a station."
And maybe you've heard about the stations, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today -- even you probably know people to take them.
So you think, "Yeah, you get the station."
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistic statistic that you have to ask from which most physicians don't want to talk, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's NASA, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And it must think about what kind of serious statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not give me something if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a blame of the doctor, and if it's a blame of someone, it's about scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanism.
But the Washington estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely received station, which is what you think is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This according to the research of cynical researchers Jerry Greenland and Paul Harvard, confirmed independently by Bloomberg.
I myself explore numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, brand brain or another adverse event.
Now you may think, "Well, one chance in 300 of my cultures.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a more statistical statistics, and it's "Many of the second effects? Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things -- democratic pain pain and articulate pain, advertising pain, and they now think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still to take the medicine."
But a moment.
They remember that under stress.
So think about how they would look at this over time, so they don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped it, five percent of the 300 have secondary effects, that is 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out because of the drug that you help your medicine.
I don't say they had to take the station.
I just say that you should have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the interest of informed consent.
We have a right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air because of the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to be quite typical.
For the surgery that is done in the older men, in the main market, by cancer prostate -- the number needed to deal with 49.
So 49 surgeries for one person who has help.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of patients.
Those include the impact of the impact or the erocational distribution, the universal income, lethal language, fecal inconsistency.
And if it's lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects will only last a year or two.
So the idea of the problem is to think about the time the questions that you can plan to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, you want a more short life of pain, or a longer life that might have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change on the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cutting cutting under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator -- it doesn't need the digital system, or the liberation or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with rapid restaurant -- they might be the lunch of the lions, so none of that matter.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logic, like Danny Kalkie and his colleagues have shown up.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all defenders.
We are all going to fail every once in the world.
The idea is to think of the future how those failures might be, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage, or to prevent the bad things happening in the first place.
Revolutionizing the night of snow in Monterey, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination next to the door, with a key door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered -- and lots of mail messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Piano, "P."
It means playing supermarket.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a piece of p.
Two penguins, even more supermarket.
Four permission, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a pain tree, you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of per pain, you can never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence -- a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system, the ALS: besides a little bit of my own story.
The French signs came in during the 1800s -- and the time step, it mixed with local signs, and the language that we know today about as AT&T.
So it has a story about 200 years old.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I believed it was true.
However, now I realize that it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
Like a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following blindly their rules, constructions, behaviors and rules without questioning them.
So how do you understand the sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my attacks and amplify sound.
Learning and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to them.
So I've learned for example.
"Don't choose the door."
"You don't make a lot of noise when you eat from the fresh paper.
"Don't erase, and when you're eating, sure not to stream the deck in the plate."
This is what I call the sound "at sound."
Maybe I think of the steel label more than the average person does.
I'm a supermarket of sound.
And I'm always waiting with neuroscience the sound, which is about to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, for deciding it.
TBA, for continuing to continue.
TBA, for announce.
You can see that the penguin doesn't have notes.
That's because the lines contain sound through subtle and layer brands.
In the right culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the picture of penguin at the ALS.
A typical penguin has five lines.
However, for me, do the self with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and while I went from one place to another, I realized there was no visual art there.
At that point, the sound was the trend and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was audition.
Now sound has gone into my art territory now.
Am I going to distance more about art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the ears.
I can feel it in a touch way, or experience it visually or even like an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in terms of sound, decided to leave it and develop it.
I started creating a new body of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was air, it was something of a heart person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could deploy to me and my artistic work, or I could pressure it.
I chose it to push me.
There's a massive culture around spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate to society eyes is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal to equal and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, in work and institutions, work with many different interpretations of AILS.
And her voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when I borrow your voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I didn't continue this practice, I feel that I could get rid of the forgotten and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, I deployed in the world of music.
And I was amazed by seeing the similarities between music and AIDS.
For example, a musical note cannot be captured and expressing fully on the paper.
And the same can tell you about a concept at AILS.
The two are very spaces and highly module that means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much of the signs as the sounds like sound.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano, so that they understand better how the ALS works.
So, imagine a piano.
The ALS is divided in many different gravitational parameters.
If you add a different parameters for each finger while you touch the piano, like the facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the shape of your body, and as you touch the piano, the English is a linear language, like you put only one key at a time.
However, the ALS is more like a stock, you need the 10 fingers in the way to express a clear concept or idea at AIDS.
If only one keyboard would change the check, it would create a completely different meaning.
Same thing is happening with music in terms of tone and the the thermo and volume.
In ALS: by using these different gravitational parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the sign in that is.
This is the sign sign on that."
I'm watching you.
More at the time.
Oh, I was becoming back.
Oh.
What are you looking for?
Oh, so much.
So I got to think, and if I see the ALS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it might be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of day, the sun comes out and puts.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, visually it looks like a piece of music.
Every day.
I feel that the same thing can say all night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights, "No, for the night?  "Every night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how the time is express in AIDS and how distance to body can express changes in time.
For example, one here. It's a hand, two heroes. It's two hands, the present becomes closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a long time."
Then, the past, "Is using an automate and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at a time, "Once once.
"Mom "most "full -- it's a musical term with a specific rate of four times a company.
However, when I see the word "full time, I think automatically at the same time."
Look at MIT, right. MM: The left hand.
We have the picture through the head and the chest.
(Audience: MB: The Galapago.
Can you do it with me?
Everyone with the hands at the top.
Now we're going to do it both in the head as the chest, something like the "mission time, or at the same time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "to look at the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate.
The second one I'd like to teach you is this. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "collision at the ALS.
Now the third, please give me again.
And again.
It's "lifestyle, in the ALS.
We're going to do the three together.
"Look "like, "collision, and "life?
Well, I work all right.
Notice how three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how ALS is alive and procedure, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very audience world.
And only because the ALS doesn't have sound, automatically it has no social value.
We need to start questioning what defines social value and allow the ALS to develop its own value, without sound.
And this might be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf, to learn ALS.
The ALS is a rich teacher, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dengue Karaha: Hey, that's me.
As a kid, my parents said, "You can get it all up, but then you have to clean it."
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble of innocent or an ignorance bubble -- I have to say, because adults lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also succeed, and that they're not very good to clean up each other.
The time happened, now I'm an adult and teaching citizen and invention at the Harvard Kong School Hole.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach transported with lots of garbage locations.
So as good citizens, we clean the beaches, and no, it's not by driving alcohol, and if you are, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but today over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's something specialized.
And in the last decades, we've been coming out with these big bubbles and networks to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this work of work with a completely underway so that the very small children can also participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electric tools are really cool and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastics.
We collect plastic and reduce it to the size that we find in the ocean, which is very small, because of its prison.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them in something that we expect it to work.
We decided instead of collecting plastic chunks -- we will only gather information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- kids are really excited about robots.
And then we quickly created what we call "the "protocell."
We are so quick in creating prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform light and camera cameras into the access and put it into a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the computer on the edge process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an approach of the amount of plastic in water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called "Audience: with the hope that someone else even more even more.
The great thing in this project is that the students saw a local problem, and the public, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem: But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed kids.
You see the news, they consumed the Internet, and they touched this picture.
A kid, perhaps less than 10 years old, cleaning a oil spill -- just using hands, in Sudans, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that breaks, it's the water where you get back, the water where you fight, the place where they live.
You can see that water is brown -- the bar and oil is also brown color, and when everything gets mixed -- it's very hard to see what in the water.
But there is a simple technology called spectrum, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can break through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We scanned this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can investigate a problem to distinction, and I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe to take a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm a half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that there are several giant waves -- called typically, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant of Fulfid, a nuclear center close to water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has pathologists of pollution.
If we go to the West coast, we can measure Fulfied radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it looks safe -- it's blue.
Well, reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've gone back to Fulgain every year from the accident and research of independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to bring the kids.
Of course, we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported to the control center here, you see the use of different machines.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously but they did it because they're going to have to live with the radiation all their life.
Along with them we discussed the data that day and talked about what we're going to do next, the strategy, the instance, etc.
And to do this, we created a reduction map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the electric map, we introduced pigs to represent data in real time of radiation, and we recover water to simulate rain.
With this we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the river system and described in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition -- the closest to nuclear central to date.
We got closer to 100 miles away from nuclear central, and with the help of fishermen in the area we were collecting sediments of the marine milk with a sensor ratio as we invent and build.
Here we see a progress, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly frustrating because we've only been beginning to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the jump and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small therefore, we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turn it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optics.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can become reality with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students, and analysis. Accident.
It will be Harvard, asking things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the aging age transforming their standard wheelchair into new electric vehicles.
The plastic, oil and radiation are terrible legally, but the worst legacy we can leave to our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So scientists, creative, dreams, we have to prepare the next generation for the environment and people, and so that it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin complex, two radically opposite design.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the one one of a single silk story.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is impose about the environment, the other creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other for her.
Michelangelo File said that when he looked at the market in brutality, he saw a figure that struggle.
The celebration was only a tool of Mitchel Angele.
But living beings are not color.
They grow up.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we take all the information it required for each cell to work and to replicate to reproduce.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by records of manufacturing and production in mass.
The mountain lines have been dictated by a world made out of parts and discovering the imagination of designers and architects trained to think of their objects as discovery of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find money assembly in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are disappeared with painful portraits.
The backs of the back are more thick with little portraits.
You act primarily as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin, there are no parts, no scarch.
It's a system that gradually vary its functionality through the variation of estimates.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architecture to work today between the celebration and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, at the simplest level, trying to unite these two visions of the world, coming out of the assembly and moving into growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't it possible about 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they confirm four disciplines that offer designers access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scale, a large scale, like this robotic arm with an acceleration of 24 meters of diameter with a very distant basis that some day not very far to print whole buildings -- and graphs made of genetically engineered microbes that shine in the dark.
So here we have reinvent the cell, an archetype of ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each abuse is a unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a fall. This was for a party department of Paris with Iraq van Hearter. It's like a second skin made from one piece, right in the contents, flexible around the central.
And together with 3D printing programmer, we print this layer and flag 3D with no contrast between cells.
This helmet combines rigid materials and soft materials in the 20 microalthing resolution.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CO2 scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution, and synthetic instruments, allow to design products that are adapted not only the form of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, computer and also absorbs sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator, we went back to nature to inspire it, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes substance.
We print this surface of 44 different properties that vary in right, opportunity and color, correspond to pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, varies its functionality not through the addiction of another material or another assembly but variables continuously and deliberately the material property.
But is it ideal nature, right?
Is there no parts in nature?
I was not raised in a religious hospital, but when I was a young man, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came up and came to define a lot of what matters me.
Like she relates -- "In the third day of the creation, God sent the Earth to grow a free framework of fruit covered.
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trick, branches and leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, land made trees grow with branches, cortex, talents and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would design if objects were made from one piece?
Will we go back to a better state of creation?
So we found that the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit, and we find it.
The second most abundant biomass on the planet is called the skydiving, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, cheat, screens and butterfly.
We think that if we could synthesize their properties we could generate multiple structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal barrier.  We asked a lot of cockroaches to shrimp the moldings, and we produced shopping passengers.
So by using chemical concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties -- from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures -- it built a system with multiple bullets of extra controlled extra extracellular.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march, and create these structures made from one material 3,000 feet long, 100 percent recycling.
When the pieces are ready, they are letting them dry to find a natural way to contact with the air.
So why do we continue to design with plastics?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain photographic microbes that appeared for the first time on the planet 350 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Along with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT we increased the bacteria designed genetically to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their transition without problems of life live, and if it gets even more, to windows.
A fruit set of fruit carried.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we have transformed a structure made of companies in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegradab, put them in the sea, feed the marine life, and put in the floor, help grow a tree.
The airplane for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for interstatic travel.
To do that, we have to master bacteria and control their flow.
Just like the periodic table, we did our own table of elements -- new forms of life created complexity made in advertising and increased forms.
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid restaurant, only instead of transparenting a price metals -- new biological functionality in very small channels.
This field is called microscopic.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microbial picks.
The first is school.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater standards.
And the second, E. color, the bacteria that inhabit the human intestine.
One turns light into sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels, and it produces useful biofuels.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not natural selection, but design evolution.
In order to hold these relationships, we have created a single channel that resembles the digital trick that will help them flow these bacteria and alter their way of way.
So we started to grow those channels into the human body, by making the properties of the material into the desired functionality.
If we wanted more photos, we designed more transparent channels.
This portable digital system -- when you stretch from one end to another, it goes down to 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our delighted intestine.
And here it is, as a principle at TED, our first permanent photography, brilliant liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Schade said, "We're creatures of fashion -- only half is made."
What if design would provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase life living?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and hold our body bodies?
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
So you know that a 3D printer is printed in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do this.
It grows up. Age with sophistication.
This called the worker of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which is metabolized.
The non-violent manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different concentrations.
An act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm is preserved in the environment, it creates a tension structure, and then it starts a hydrogen of compression.
tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in one material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the hydrogen.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk of the silk worm.
However, when you put silk worm in a flat paper, not within a box, we realized that he has a flat cap and still metaphorically memorize self-conflicting.
So we started designing different environments, different silk, and we've discovered that the form, the composition, the structure of the capital -- is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often treat silk worms to death inside their caps, their silk goes down and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plans we could shape raw silk without a single cap.
They were metabolized sensibly, and we could create these things.
So we climb this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a hydrogen robot making silk pandemists, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk silk worms to darker and cold areas -- so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or abuse, to block the rays of light and heat and distribution the silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the organisms.
We asked 65,000 silk worms to a silk of silk online.
And after I feed four weeks, they were prepared to hydrogen with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding and as they hand, they crossed, they go on, they put eggs and they put eggs and the life starts again, like us, but much, much cheaper.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and he was right.
And the biological silk of the hydrogen silk robotics, they give all this paper their integrity.
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks, 65,000 silk worms take 65,000 kilometers.
In a curious symmetry -- this is also the length of the silk route.
The pollen, after the electricity, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional papers in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk silk through a robotic arm, the other vaccine flying.
If the last frontier of design is to give the products and the buildings around us to form an ecology of two materials, designers must unite these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new design era, a new era of creation, which leads us from a design inspired in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we have to charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked, "What do you want to be of greater?
If you had to remember how old they had when you first asked this?
You can show it with your fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question, "What do you want to be of greater?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who never could answer the question, "What do you want to be of greater?
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, the materials and the art and I developed websites, but I played the guitar.
You may have heard about us.
And generally I like to try and persist in all ways, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of breakthrough, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in another thing, something completely different, and I immersed myself on it, and I let myself absorb and I feel "Yeah." I have found my mind, and then again this point where I start to open up.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I would like to discover something new and different and I'd like to get into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how it was going to convert all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, I will deny all my other passions, and refuse to get open.
Another reason why I became so anxious was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong at this, and something wrong in me for not to define for anything.
I was worried to be afraid of engagement, or whether to be disappear, or self-interesting or to my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something I would like to have been passed on.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
We are wondering, "What do you want to be of greater?
We're about five years old.
And the truth is that no one matters what you answered at that age.
You consider an naive question to make clean answers in children like, "It's being a autonomy, or "Being dance?
It inspired the discovery of Hall here.
And this question is done again and again while we grow in different ways, period -- a dream student students are asking you to choose in university.
And at some point, "What do you want to be of greater?
It happens to be the cute exercise of before what the dream takes us.
Why?
If this issue inspired kids to dream what they might be, it doesn't inspire to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you cannot answer with 20 different things, even though you get a lot of anti-forward adults and say, "Oh, what cute, but you can't be an artist of violent and psychology.
You have to choose.
This is Dr. Bob Children -- and he's a violence of violent and psychology.
And this Amy Nine, an editor of magazine became infrastructure, company, professor and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
Everything you hear is that they are going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of constant life is very identical in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real vote, the idea that each of us has something to spend over their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But if you're someone who's not connected to this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that wake up your curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel just alone.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And feel that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You are a multiplicity.
A multinational is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a bit of a bucket to say.
It could help if you divide in three parts. Multiple and potential and door.
You can also use other terms that pollute the same idea, as a education, revolution.
Over the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was well seen in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shanghai refers to us as "sets."
Use any term you like or invented yourself.
It seems like a kind of adaptation to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see multiple as limitation or alcohol that you should win.
But what I've learned with talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths in this way.
There are three multi-resonance supermarkets.
One, ideas of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creating something new in the intersection.
Sha Handari and Rachel Benne expressed their interests shared in carbon, a visualization of data, travel, mathematics and design, when I founded Meth.
Melawa is a company that creates geographically inspired grands.
And She and Rachel came up with this unique idea for her ecology mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
So the new ideas.
And multiple metaphors, with all of their before, can access a lot of these points of interface.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the multinational people are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are heading to be principles, because it's been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we are less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort areas.
Many skills are transparent to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we pursue -- so we rarely started from zero.
North Duran is a full time journey and independent writing.
As a child a perfect an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known mechanism.
Before becoming writer, North was a financial planning.
He had to learn the most end mechanics of sales when he started his practices, and this ability helped to write compelling launch for editors for publishers to do.
It rarely is a waste of time to get to what you get to you, even if you finally leave it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way you could not have anticipated.
The third multi-resonance supermarket is adaptability. I mean, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Aber Caster is sometimes director of videos, other people, the web designer, sometimes consumer of Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles depending on the needs of his client.
The Facebook magazine defines adaptability. The most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and intrigued that these individuals are and organizations that can be paid to satisfy the needs of the market, which will really be provided.
Series of ideas, rapid learning and adaptation, three abilities where the multinational are very hard, and three abilities that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a huge interest in foster to the multinational to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multiple right now, and we need creative creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neuroscience.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are composed from a specialist and a multinational mapped.
The specialists can dive deep and put in practice ideas, and the multinational offers an ambassador of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all have to design lives and careers that are releasing the way we're connected.
And unfortunately, to the multinational most of them are encouraged to just be more like their specialized partners.
Once he said this, if there's one thing you get from this talk, I hope it's this: recycled with the inner wire, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then, especially for all media.
That's where you will give the best of it.
But for the multinational in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes --  I tell you, recycled with their many passions.
Keep your curiosity.
They explore the interactions.
Abadanding our inner cable leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multipleftice, the world needs us."
Thank you.
In 1910, a woman named Australia took it to a psychiatric in France.
I got a delight and I couldn't remember even the most basic details of your life.
Her doctor was called Alams.
Alabama did not know how to help Australia, but I was flying through her until that, unfortunately, it passed in 1960.
After his death, Alabama did an author and found strange and sea plates in the business of Australia, a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If Australia had been living today, we couldn't give it more help than Alachis gave him 142 years ago.
Alabama was Dr. Alaska Alzheimer's Dr.
And Australia Detrimeter, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1912, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, anti-forward to HIV, stations for cardiologists and much more.
But a little bit has been produced in the Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer's cure for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million worldwide.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that by the way, including many of you.
If you expect to live until the 85 or more, the possibility of controlling Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the chance that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping caring to a friend or being loved with Alzheimer's work.
In the United States, the Alzheimer's care costs 200,000 dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease, and its costs prevention a five times in the year 2050, as it is aging the generation of the boom.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's one is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the first 10 causes of death around the world, the Alzheimer's is the only one you cannot prevent or cure or even slow your development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's cancer despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes an annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but everybody says, Alzheimer's a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 142 years, everybody, even scientists, conference Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to be sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But just to look at a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to a patient from Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to detecting a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significantly life expectancy and is always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plastics and weird ships in the business of Australia a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of motorcycle molecules.
You can think a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places on the paper that are degree.
And when it gets right, these sticky dots end up inside the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules pay each other, forming groups that can form large plates and liver.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's patient.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this distribution works.
There's a lot of steps, and the identifying of what step is complex, like describing a bomb.
And I could do anything.
Correct others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that I block it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of the wires have reduced the wires and waited the best.
But there's now a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemistry, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
No one outside of our lab has seen yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in worms in war.
These are healthy worms and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms -- on the other hand, they have protein molecules that stick into each other inside them, like in humans.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they sound and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result -- but research like this show that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 142 years of wait, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to select Alzheimer's approach, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to agree that Alzheimer's a disease is a disease, and if we try it, we can solve it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have made more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislations.
That was essential to move in the treatment of HIV at the end of the 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to select cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, hidden victims, caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too destined to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's is not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, which can't create the change they need for themselves.
Help me speak for them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Model of the New York Times, January of this year.
To love somebody else, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are tracking to make 36 questions more and more personal questions and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions here.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cried to another person?
And alone?
As it advances, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30, I really like this -- Tell your partner what you love about him or her, I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had spent six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, it was also introduced.
And when I had the occasion, I would try to test this study, with someone I knew not particularly very good, didn't expect to love me.
I don't know, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so he sent her to the column love Mourt a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already autism, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, follow together a stuff?
And the reason I believe that this is because I've been asking this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, he was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been forced to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can get to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would probably reach a few thousands of view.
And that's a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was released online a Friday at night, and the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday had been called me the Tory Stoal and the Google Montana American.
In a month, the article got over eight million views, and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster the confidence writing with significant experiences, but another thing is to discover that life love of one has been an international news --  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people were calling or wrote, what they did every day for weeks, always, they asked the same question: "You still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I did a quick search for my email with the phrase, "Do you still go together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and carbon strangers like this.
They interviewed me in radio and asked it.
I even gave a talk, and a woman drew up to the stage, "Hey, Mandela where your boyfriend is?
And I immediately got red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the researcher of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have covered life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a computer article for San Valley, who includes the experiences of reading reading the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a public appearance together.
I received television interviews, and recovers the pictures of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid of becoming the invisible icons of the extended process of the trade process, a range for the one that I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know whether the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked. I mean, if I was able to produce performing love, not just an adventure, but love real, local love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months ago, and I felt about everything that people were asking the wrong question.
How do we know if we would go together or not, and also do it tell me?
If the answer was not, would it make the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Arran wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not producing romantic love.
Instead of that, I was trying to foster interpersonal and college students, using what Arab called a self-replicating personal Apple and progression and precision.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants felt more close to do it. Several post-doctors were also using Arab Ride of Arab as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They have used it between members of police and community, and they've used it among people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, who combine personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk at a little college of liberal arts art, and then a student came up to me and told me with sixth silence, I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed disconnected for it.
And I said, "Do you mean you fall in love with the person who did that?
Well, he made a passenger.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But did you get better friends?
Did you feel that you would get better for testing the study?
It stated it.
So it worked. I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking at when it comes to love.
I stumbled up with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was running a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was virtually all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I became in science.
I investigate everything I could find on the science of romantic love, and I hoped that it could sort of vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought just for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I had the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and I used to feel as bad as I felt then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more related.
I have more confidence to demand what I'm looking for.
But I also can see more clearly -- and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than you can really give me to me.
What I look for love is a garden, not only being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to continue to be loved by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media told about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something of implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because it makes us feel wonderfully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask -- still follow together?
And her content with an answer of Yes or not.
So more than one question, I would propose that asking more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who isn't it?
How do you stay in love when things are completely complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distinguish?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably convey a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love somebody.
So if you want the brief version of the history of my relationship, it's this one: a year ago, a met and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same as staying in love.
Looking at is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, "Love didn't happen.
We keep in love, because we take the choice to be.
And I stop a little bit when I read it now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered everything I knew that choice.
I don't consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how many times have to keep doing that choice without knowing if he will always choose me or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone as generous and amazing and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest daily in the United States.
But what I've done, instead is turning my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really think about.
And what I'm looking for, and what maybe I spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy end of the title of my article, which is, on purpose. The only part of the article that I actually didn't write for.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he will love me, and it's terrified, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few legacy legacy legislations, and in a way I came up with a forest of the forest.
One thing that really affected me --  --  -- something that really affected me but more detail forward.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box and I found a dollar of a dollar, a pen and a head in it somewhere in Colorado somewhere.
And I thought some strange human or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At one point I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from exception and survive and all these weird things, and I was doing a colleague for my mum.
And I took a dictionary and I threw up all the pages and made a kind of climbers called the Agnes Martin, and the Review Courtiate and a bee was completed.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I added more resilient in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, it happened the opposite -- somehow it seemed that increased as a size, as if you were to look at the text with a magnifying light.
So what did I do? Built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to you and tell stories about these objects.
So I got to draw around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow thrown through it, draw the same thing like a break on the scene of the crime.
And I took the objects and created my own taxic of inventory species.
First, boring -- that you can make an idea.
Then I did some insects and weird creatures.
It was very fun to draw on the resistance layer.
And it was great, because I started riding explorers and those things, and I was earning some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Syria.
It was great, man.
At some point I am interested in the human form, scientific size sculptures with drawings of human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resistance was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers -- similar to drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resistance.
So I did this for years, and my work cultivated with something very large, which I call a profession."
For the prototype, I was inspired by a big measure in "The Dayba of Highs Boston who is a painting at the Museum of Prossient in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the teacher. I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 feet of compassion.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the languages.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the representation world, to this analog mesh information where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are heading to the franch, ready to set up in mass raising in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird boy strapped to a clothes.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the Hirophie -- the oil platform of the death -- Washington, the sheep of Osama bin Laden. There are all kinds of weird things that can find if they look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, a kind of a medical work.
He's coming out of the ocean, and he strikes oil in a hand while the other hand comes up with clouds.
Their hands are like balances and it looks like a microbial being that keeps Earth and ecosystems in balance.
So it's one aspect of the transport."
It's a little narrative.
That's the hand that I supported.
And then when you go on the other side, you have a transport, like a bird piece, and you put clouds from this track.
It also has a $100 tail, a set of snake that binds the professor."
Anyway, your tail is going to be fighting when you go on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
Her tail ended up in a chocolate electron balloon made from terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of the terrorists.
Very ahead of your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called psychologists.
This is a six-year-old project to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material are exclusive, dictionaries or magazines.
But each one acts as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at once.
They're like cells, they together, they divide out.
And you can walk between them. I'm taking years.
Each one is basically a microscope portrait that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside its inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can turn the input up.
I will get you for the rest of the body -- there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers your penis or non-lethal, or whatever you have, a kind of announce thing.
It's a quick report of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers. You can see.
This is a body that's made by half.
This has two head, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills coming out and entering the head of this strange statue in the head.
There's a little foreign scene inside the toxic capacity.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes that we live in.
We are in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Penn World.
Within this box there is a physics, a neuroscience, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio, a museum, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We meet the box and all the people inside of each other with others as particles.
And I think that's the way we change the world.
When you redefined who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we come to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different -- these concepts of countries, the borders, the religion, doesn't work.
We are all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with double and genetically we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do?
They take an aspect.
But so that this pill. It has an effect against pain, first of the stomach and other organs and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and indication system so that any of you in the body.
The device, however, is that when we swallow it any drug is dialed.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the country of CAPTCHA cells.
But they are also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they take to get to the blood current, they distribute and worse even for the time they take to get to their destination, which is where it's more important, in the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body as the lymph languages, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is integrative and not easily in the blood torture of the patients that are summitted to regular termite with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the introduction of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a life treatment assembled by area.
One day, I sat and thought, "Could we get the treatment directly to the discovery of the virus, without the risk of diagnosis of drugs?
As a scientific expert in leaders, the answer was front of me, the leaders, of course.
If you use in redentionalization, for the care of wounds and surgery, you can use for anything you can imagine, including the extracellular transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which opens and closing almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best you ask yourself, "How is that possible?
We sent a little laser and powerful laser on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser comes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microbes.
Before you even notice, the hole is invisible immediately.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or Portrait plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask it.
Well, the answer is, through a three-year-old device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we're going to make an impact in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an insect that distributes the drug, releases it directly in the infection site, while the laser is used again to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't look like a lot of time.
But one day, if you're successful, this technology can lead to total HIV eradication of the body.
Yes. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all the R&D researcher in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying the non-lethal armed groups, armed organizations like terrorists, inspiration or military.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand better to these generous groups of violence and study ways of encouraging the transition of violent participation to non-violent behavior.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a discovery between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from 201 peace arrangements between 1975 and 2011, 1966 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we have to understand these groups. We even have to engage them or defeat them into any process of successful conflict.
But how do you do that?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but nobody analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the political policies are related.
Everything is part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less defeated, without global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the leadership headline, known for their violent right against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, Henry has also established a political game, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palm Palm known for their suicide attacks against Israel as well.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multipleftication.
They set up a complex machine of communication, radio stations, TV channels, websites of Internet and strategies in social networks.
And here's the inventor of the ISA, printed in English and published to release.
Armed groups are also investing in a complex recovery of formality beings, but by profitable businesses, for example, building business.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strengths, increase their funds, to grow better and build their brand.
Armed groups also do something else -- create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they advertise hospitals, they put in a market of professional training or microscope.
He defends all these services and more.
Armed groups are also trying to conquer the population offering something that state doesn't provide -- security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan ripped by the war or even the beginning of the ISA action, can also understand the efforts of these groups by providing security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the electoral victory of 2006 of the Palestinian Hambhon cannot understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or long-term vision.
These groups are hydrophone.
They grow because they fill the gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed groups and politicians, participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations, less we can train them as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Hey!
They dominate part of a territory -- they adapt all their function, they collect the trash system, they advertise the dialogue system.
Is it a state? Is it a refuge group.
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is ISseanion: And what is INCRA?
The lines drive.
We live in a world of state, of no state and hubble, and the more weak the states are, as in the Middle East today, more and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
Let me fill that governance vacuum has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and consider peace.
If we understand better the armed groups, we will understand better what incentives offer to foster the transition of violence to non-violent violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but not give us peace or stability.
In order to achieve these targets, we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that game of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very old, but I fear that accepting the feminist tag would be unfair.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I self-environment as a bad female.
Or, at least I wrote an article and a book called "The Bad Female? And then in the interviews, people started to call me the Mali Feman.
So what started as a personal joke destined to myself and a deliberate provide, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was a young man, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about the feminists, these furry women, angry with the men and they hated sex.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that was using the people who were using the people who could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accident, a word and deployable word.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which asks too much self-replication, and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud of being sure.
For me, certain claims are arrivally, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same light for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use very easy and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without need for reduced control or doctors and doctors.
We have the right to the respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have our other identity.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, general expression, religion and sexuality conditions, social conditions, skills and much more.
We have to realize these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of incentive, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradiction.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad female.
I have another conference.
When I drive the work, I hear rap music to all volume.
Although the letter degraded to women and I define deep, the classic "Saltan Shakespeare, the Classic Ann Twitter from the Yorkers Anna Twitter.
"Make it reality with your size size.
Petro, say, move until you bend the content."
Think about it.
Pure poetry isn't it?
I'm completely moralized by my musical seats.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is everything I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the backyard collected -- the car card and the manifestation of machine.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazine and beautiful things.
I can see "The Back, and I can see the romantic companies, and I have a lot of funding from the face stories that make it real.
Some of my crimes are more disappeared.
If a woman wants to adopt the support of his husband, it's her choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay in home to raise his children, I accept that choice as well.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confident so that women are economically vulnerable when they choose to choose it.
Let's solve this problem.
He rejected conventional feminism that has ignored or disappeared historically the needs of women of color, workers and homes and transitions, in favor of white women, hypothesis, middle class and high.
Listen, if that's a good feminist -- I'm a very bad feminist for you.
It also happens this: as a feminist I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put detective feminist in a pedestrian.
We hope that they are performing the perfect.
When you get rid of it, we will remove them very much like the same pedestrian where we put them.
Like I said, I'm a disaster, I think I defeated from that pedestrian before you try to put me there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being labeled as females.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yeah, I'm a female female for fear of what that tag means for fear not to be able to fulfill with little realistic expectations.
Take a Ben example to Berkeley, or as I call it, the God.
Over the last few years is a deceptive feminist in the last few years.
In the Laws Music Adam in 2014, in MIT, the act of the word "feminist of three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, seeing this star of the poet embracing openly the feminism and making women know women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
So spent the time, cultural critics started intensive debate if Berney was or not exactly feminist.
They calculated their feminism instead of just believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection of the feminist because we're still fighting a lot, we want a lot, we need so carefully a lot.
We go a lot beyond the critical sensory and constructive critic to design the feminism of any woman, break it up until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our infections to realize the action and being a little bit more valuable.
If I hear a little bit of music, I am creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy by providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we cut the change to effectively affect their profit.
It's certainly hard.
Why does his music have to be so pillar?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my supernovarls, three and four years.
They are two wonderful, decision-making girls and also very brave -- I want you to grow up in a world.
Where you look at the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, suddenly, the best option is visualized as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is dealing with sexual violence against women as a sport -- it goes the Gold Play.
We can change the radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema somewhere when movies don't treat women more than decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where the athletes treat their companions like boats of bone.
In any case, men, especially white men, helicopters can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a sufficient number of women, so much to participate to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your advertising or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are supported but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also encourage them to be included until more as we are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision-making proposations.
Because we are not the performance messages. Without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, to people in the power and producers of cinema and music producers and music, CERN, the legally, the people who can make big decisions -- more courageous, to create a durable and significant change.
We can also claim our female, well, bad, or any disaster.
The last line of my book, "Bad Feshnodoxold" says, "I want to be a bad feminist not to be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially my voice was reduced to me, and the feminist helped me record it.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to deal with what happened.
A few kids were telling me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me like anything.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They steal my voice, and after everything I don't dare to believe that I could say something that might matter.
But I was writing.
And with that, I went back to writing.
I became a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned how to write like them, and then I learned to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and female, I also discovered that if I was a little courageous, another woman could hear and see me and realize that none of us is the world trying to tell us that we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humility reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking of thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little courageous, when more you need such a value.
Right after Christmas last year, 123 children in California had supported for visiting Limitago or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then goes through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Lebel.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a demonstrated immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century ago, but many of the children involved in the British Brother hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly even worse, the autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that took the policy on autism and developed vaccines, described and made to be a freedom delivered by the British Medical Jorida?
Doesn't you think most smart scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a studio?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rising estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and the pediatrician that I heard about it is creating their whole professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates remained stable only three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, numbers started to shoot.
Formally recording organizations like Australia Spaces refer to autism as an epidemic as if I could get from another child in Limitago.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the Atlantic Center of Atlantic that is going on, they tend to be based on phrases like an amazing diagnostic criteria, and a better case detector to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't hurt a lot of fears from a young mother who seeks in his face of his two years, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to be astonished, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow and critical progress of science than with the sex power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanger, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital Hospital in 1945, Kanger published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, swimming people around each other, even their own parents.
They could have fun for hours waving their hands to their faces, but they were prey of the panic of the legs as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the base of the patients treated in their clinic, Kanger speculated that autism is very rare.
For the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that he had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome while he picks reference of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the criteria from Kenya for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, I was inspired to give that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that epidemic is very common in autism.
Once he was articulate that he had converted to nine in 10 children sent by other doctors to their comfort for being autistic without giving them an autism diagnosis of autism.
Kanger was a smart man, but part of his theories were not accurate.
He classified autism as a form of child physicists caused by cold parents and disappeared.
These kids, he said, have been carefully kept in a refrigerator that doesn't discuss it.
At the same time, however, Kanger noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that grow in certain areas like music, math and memory.
One of the children in his clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before he was two years old.
When her mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Beerous.
But Kanger had a bad opinion of these skills, throwing things like the kids were simply regulating what they had heard their parents, desperate to win their approach.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world generally.
Anticipated, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Kenya that autism was weird.
Lord Window, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of the neighborhood mothers of Kenya was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affection, and they had a profound autistic daughter called Sus.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Sustain without support services, without special education, and no access to other resources without a diagnosis of a diagnosis to it.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lorden and their colleague Judith Gold decided to do something that should have done 30 years earlier.
They conducted a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They put a London suburb called Cambridge to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What you saw was that the model of Kenya was too limited, because autism reality was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children couldn't talk at all, whereas others were faced in their fascination for astronomer, in the dinosaurs or the generation of the reality.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in nice and searched paintings as Judism, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Monologuet model of Kanger would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been paid from these children before?
But then Lordian found a reference to an article published in German in 1994, the year next year to the article of Kanger, and then he forgot -- buried under the ashes of a terrible time that no one wanted to remember.
Kanger knew about this article of competition, but I avoided destroying it in his own work.
There was no even a transformation to English, but luckily, the husband of London spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative history of autism.
Her author was a man named Hans Apple, who runs a clinic integrated with an inner school in Vienna.
The ideas of Apple for children with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with kinds of exercise with music, and children followed their games on the Sunday afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Apple described it as political disability of life that require compassionate support of support and spaces during the course of the entire life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Apple called them their little teachers, and he refused to help in developing methods of education that were especially appropriate for them.
Fundamentally, Apple saw autism as a diverse continuum that would advertising a staggering variety of donors and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and always have been, looking at aspects of this continuum in architecture known in pop culture like the social social scientist and the distracted teacher.
He was beyond even to say, that for success success and art, an autism precision is essential.
Lord and Judism found that Kanger was wrong in which autism was infected, as well as parents were the causes.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of Psychiatrist to extend the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called autistic "participation?
In the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into video, supporting the limited model of Kanger by a broad and inclusive apartment.
These changes didn't fit in broken street.
In fact, when Lordal and Judism worked between bananas to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adults for the first time.
Before "Hey Man came out in 1988, just a small circle, I was laughing for experts knew what the autism was, but after the uncompromising performance of Duke Hopping and the recognition of "Rich Manaus, and the recognition of "Rich Mander, and the recognition of "Rich Mander, and periodically, psychologists, teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to be used to diagnose autism.
She didn't have to have a connection with that little circle of experts to achieve a diagnosis for her son.
The combination of Richard Man: the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnosis started to extract, just like Lordish and Judism, actually expected to be that the people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services that were measured.
So Andrew Washington came to blame vaccines for the increase in diagnostics -- a simple, powerful, a cerebral history as bad as the theory of Kenya that autism was infected.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, autism are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving for new medical advances -- really scanning the term "reduction, to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windupillion, doesn't mean it's rocket.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distressing, obviously social, and it suffers from a detection deficit to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Apple, who believed that the currency for the most incredible aspects of autism are found in understanding teachers, employees with capacity, supportive communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zositer Zakas once once said, "We need all the hands in covered to support the boat of humanity.
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to deal with the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste or a brain.
Thank you.
